---
layout: post
title:  "Week 18"
date:   2021-07-01 17:00:00 +1200
categories: journal
---
Jaxzon prays to his goddess for help, getting an extra Divine Smite until days end without using a spell slot.

Kirv wanders around the edge of the dome, checking outside for something - noticing that the dome might be getting smaller.bb

Sorrel and Zer0 get some sleep, Iliqua reads more draconic and trances out. Misty disappears into the crowd.

The party has breakfast, Kirv warns Jaxzon about Sorrel and handling food based on talking to the guards.

Iliqua sends his soup bowl away by unseen servant means. The guard captain approaches, and asks if the party is ready to head out, warning that no recent information is known about its state, and to be aware of some of the teachers at the academy.

Alarielle approaches and wishes the party luck and offering some minor spell help - Jaxzon gets his strength enhanced for a short period. The party heads out Jaxzon leading the way, followed by Sorrel, Kirv, Iliqua (and URA), with Zer0 bringing up the rear.

The city is very quiet, perhaps too quiet. After around ten minutes, Jaxzon notices a trap and hearing bugs under the ground, pulling Sorrel away before she falls in.

Some time later, the party hears a squeaky cart in the distance, the much maligned Dibblah appears, offering his usual array of food for sale. Kirv picks an item, Sorrel follows suit, each paying a couple of silver.

Iliqua asks for nutritional information and other details about his cart, Jaxzon notices one of the pies still moves. URA attempts to steal a pie, but it teleports back to the cart before it can get very far. Sorrel and Kirv eat their choices - Kirv gets a boon, sort of (an eye in the back of his head granting advantage on sight based perception). Sorrel feels heavier, gaining advantage on being knocked prone.

Zer0 buys a pie for Iliqua, Dibblah leaves down an alley, the squeak mysteriously stopping part way down. Iliqua places his pie in the bag of temporal holding.

Jaxzon scans about looking for danger and heads off to find an empty building with Zer0. Iliqua and Sorrel discuss finding out what the bag of holding.

Zer0 offers to take the bag into the room to empty it, entering the room but gets trapped by something external. Zer0 escapes the webs, then empties the bag... A large skull drops to the ground, with dimly red glowing eyes.

Zer0 taps it with his foot, then picks it up and carries it outside when nothing happens. Iliqua checks it out, noting that it has some runes carved into it, Jaxzon gives it a rub, Zer0 gives the bag back to Sorrel, with the skull back inside.

The party continues onward - some minutes later the ground starts crumbling, taking Jaxzon in. Bugs shoot out of the walls, damaging him but getting out of the hole.

The trade plaza comes into view, covered in white web, blocking access. Sounds of bugs can be heard on the other side, Jaxzon heals himself up, and a discussion on how to proceed ensues and going through the alleyways is decided.

Jaxzon attempts to climb the building, getting nowhere. Sorrel grabs Iliqua and throws him up the building, finding a place to grab ahold of, clambering onto the roof. Iliqua spots a possible entry point, along with several large spiders at the corners.

The party head off to the western edge, to be closer to the Academy. An attempt to climb the building gets Kirv, Sorrel and Jaxzon easily to the top. Iliqua and Zer0 fail their first attempts but eventually make it up.

Another large spider is spotted, along with several larger bugs under the webs. A straight way to get to the Academy is seen, the walls appear to be glowing. A plan to attack the spider is organised, trying to kill it before it can alert any others - this fails, somewhat predictably.

Kirv gets a surprise attack opportunity and drops onto the spider, sword leading the way, missing, and hitting the ground hard, taking some damage. The spider attempts to hit and snare Kirv, but missing both.

Kirv gets his normal go, slashing the spider and doing a moderate amount of damage. He attempts to flee, but the spider hits and grapples him. He uses Misty Step to escape back to the roof.

Iliqua casts firebolt at the spider, hitting and causing a small amount of damage.

Zer0 leaps off the building, doing a chunk of damage to the spider, landing nearby.

Jaxzon finally gets his go, copies what Zer0 does, hitting the spider and pumping a Divine Smite into the damage, almost killing it.

Several ants converge on Jaxzon and Zer0, one attacking the latter but missing.

Sorrel brings out her spiritual weapon, but misses with it, then jumps down as well. An attack with her mace misses, and she ends up stuck in the web wall.

A flying ant breaks through a window and screeches, all those within range resist the stun effect. A grapple attempt on Jaxzon misses.

The spider attacks Sorrel, easily hitting, and poisoning her, and doing a bunch of damage. A critical grasping attack also hits and doing more damage.

Kirv blasts eldritchly the flying ant, missing.

Iliqua casts Ice Knife at an ant, hitting and exploding causing damage to some of the nearby ants. He also activates his bladesong abililty and heads away from the main battle.

Zer0 hits the spider solidly, not quite killing it, then dashes through two ants causing a small amount of damage. Lastly, he moves back into the fray.

Jaxzon head butts the spider, finally killing it, but covering his head with goo. The webs nearby start to degrade, releasing Sorrel.

The ants attack Jaxzon, one misses, one hits, causing a small amount of damage. The same happens to Zer0, like exactly the same. Spooky.

Sorrel casts healing word on herself, getting back to a better state. She moves closer to the bunch of ants and casts Word of Radiance, causing a small amount of damage.

The flying ant rushes off after Iliqua, Sorrel misses but Jaxzon hits and does some big damage. An attack against Iliqua hits and grapples, an attempted bite misses.

Kirv finally hits something with his eldritch blast, the flying ant taking some damage, but staying alive.

Iliqua casts booming blade, then attacks the flying ant, and Misty Steps away.

Zer0 moves and dashes again, killing an ant, then moves back into the fray again.

Jaxzon uses his guiding strike to hit an ant, using a proper Divine Smite and causing big damage.

The remaining ants attack each nearby party member - hitting Jaxzon, missing Sorrel, and hitting Zer0.

Sorrel attacks with her spiritual weapon and mace, missing and hitting.

The flying ant moves to attack, but gets nailed by the booming blade effect, and dies.