---
layout: post
title:  "Week 13"
date:   2021-05-06 17:00:00 +1200
categories: journal
---
Mournkeld's blue blob form condenses and "looks" at each character.

Zer0: Sees his body rusted and broken, unwanted.
Jaxon: Sees the bloated, dead body of his brother.
Sorrel: 
Kirv: A large, red winged demon is seen above, swinging a massive sword that fells many dragonborn
Misty: A picture of two other Tabaxi turning away and leaving her behind.
Iliqua: Dark shapes moving in the dark that he can't recall, but knows he should be afraid of them 

A shifting sound is heard, and Ethen stands up and says "Leave my employees alone!". Ethen plays a tune on his theremin, a spell forms and the visions of each character changes.

Zer0: His body is found and refurbished
Jaxzon: Meeting with his brother
Sorrel: Respected medical practitioner
Kirv: Sees the giant demon creature gets attacked and killed by a giant crocodilian creation
Misty: See the Tabaxi turn back and embrace her. She mutters "Martier" under her breath and a window appears with a small town inside it.
Iliqua: Sees two faces of his friends in the academy, those who helped him out

The spell seems to banish the fear - Mournkeld turns to Ethen and repeats "Martier" several times. A largge gaping portal appears in the center of the room, ten figures appear from the portal. Humanoid in shape, though different to each other.

Each of the figures takes a part of Mournkeld's power and teleports out. Mournkeld grabs Ethen and pulls into itself. Ethen shouts a warning about nowhere being safe. The fog converges and Mournkeld disappears, the room contracts, showing several items.

Jaxzon gets a gold trimmed shield that radiates with the power of the god Glory.
Sorrel gets a satchel with the figure of the god of Time on it
Iliqua gets a sword, with intertwining metal along the blade.
Zer0 gets a small blue orb with engravings on the side - a history check reveals that it is a memory core filled with battle experience.
Misty gets short dagger with a slight blue aura around it.
Kirv gets a black and red cloak with silver trim.

The party look around and find themselves back in the normal hold of the ship. The party returns to the top of the ship, looking toward the Vortex, they see fog/mist pushing in and out of it, looking ominous. Looking to the city of Eversprings (their second target), evidence of battle and fires can be seen.

Conversation about wether or not to save Ethen comes about, selling either or both of the boats they have and where to head next - Gaens Post or Eversprings. A long rest is suggested and taken. Iliqua casts a bunch of identify spells on most of the recently acquired items (Zer0's orb excepted).

Misty: Dagger of Sort Of Dispel Magic - arcana check casts dispel magic 1/long rest
Kirv: Cloak of Misty Step - 1/long rest, resistance to fire/necrotic for 1 round afterward
Sorrel: Bag of Holding with blessing of Raquel, items places in the bag are unaffected by time
Jaxzon: Shield - everytime the dodge action is taken, everyone in 15 feet also get it
Iliqua: Spellweavers Rapier, covenant weapon. Each time a successful attack is made, the quicken spell metamagic can be used. Half level rounded down times per long rest.

Iliqua gets a magic message requiring him to return to Gaens Vale, the academy is under attack.

Jaxzon gets a vision quest - a silver light descends on a battle field that he stands upon. A woman in silver armor speaks to him. "A great evil has been unleashed on the world, an ancient thing that even the gods struggled to deal with. I expect you to help the people of these lands and retrieve an item that will greatly help - The Sword of Kaane. More information will follow." An attempt at a hug fails.

Sorrel dreams of a workshop with ticking clocks. A gnomish woman wearing gold tinkering with a clock is seen. She speaks and tasks Sorrel with stopping creatures from killing and spreading to other continents. Go to Lothern last, more power will be granted in time.

Iliqua gathers all the notes from Ethen's room, finding a new storage place.

The party arrives at Gaens Post, hearing a loud buzzing in the air. A thick cloud hovers over the town, Jaxzon uses the spyglass to see hundreds of enormous wasps attacking the town. The ship is anchored and everyone else awakens.

A conversation about where to head next is had in the captain's room. South back to Gaens Vale is decided by default, as Iliqua is the only one with a solid idea. A few hornets/wasps from the town are attracted, and Jaxzon finally gets to play with his ballista, killing several. Massive spiders are spotted climing the island, one attempts to attack the ship but can't get close.

Jaxzon collects one of the hornets, allowing some research. Its eyes show signs of the mist/fog. Jaxzon attempting to get some poison, jabs himself and takes damage. Sorrel discovers that they aren't native to the area, but gets two vials of the poison. Iliqua can't figure out much other than that they're controlled by something external.

Zer0 attuning to the orb gains a fighting style - Tunnel fighter, if no movement in a round, advantage is gained on the next attack.

A day of good sailing gets the party near to Gaens Vale. Some evidence of battle can be seen. A large green dome is spotted on the dock. Fey magic is identified as the source of the dome.

Jaxzon sharpens his axe, Sorrel polishes her mace. Another long rest is organised and taken before making dock. Zer0 spots little other than the green of the dome and the occasional large root moving around. Sorrel sees prismatic butterflies, giving a hint of powerful fey magic in use. Iliqua also spots the butterflies, but understands that it means that Alarielle is in town (leader of Avalorn).

As the boat gets closer, during the last watch, insects in the water attack the boat. Jaxzon steers while Iliqua shoots firebolts around. Slowing the boat is difficult to do, closing in on the dome, showing the party a big fight inside. The ship docks in a violent manner, with several insects attacking. One of the elves grabs the party and pulls them all into the dome. Introductions are made, more insects are swatted away.

A councilman approaches telling Iliqua that his family are safe. Information about a few towns or cities is offered, both from the party and to them - the insects used to be normal sized, a large creature was spotted flying over and heading into the roots of the forest that surrounds the town.

Jaxzon goes drinking, Zer0 follows Iliqua around, Sorrel looks to help those creating food/water and asking who they think shoud not be dome. Iliqua asks about other parts of the city that could be considered safe. He is directed to seek out a human guard captain named Garrett, known for being fair and just.

The courthouse is picked as the first target for the party to rescue some nobles. Advice to stay away from indoors as the insects seem to gather there, also to watch out for pits and stick to the main streets. Two particular creatures should be avoided - noticing unstable ground caused by large worms, and ant soldiers that wait in the dark to attack.

The party leaves the dome, following Iliqua's instructions. The streets appear barren, having been ravaged by the insects, with spider webs in the alleyways, and the occasional corpse. Sorrel spots some loose cobblestones, skirting them and looking back shows them to have crumbled away leaving a pit behind.

Jaxzon takes the initiative and jogs off into the park, initially seeming quiet. The ground begins to move under his feet, a large section of ground turning into several giant centipedes.

Quote of the day: Jaxzon - But I don't have any intelligence.
