---
layout: post
title:  "Week 16"
date:   2021-06-03 17:00:00 +1200
categories: journal
---
Sorrel talks to the guard she saved, trying to dissuade the guard from offering a gift. The guard doesn't like owing people, and insists that she keeps the potion.

The party takes a long rest, Misty finding a corner to settle down to feel safer, Zer0 sits down near the bodies and shuts down. Iliqua reads to learn more Draconic and rests.

After the rest, Jaxzon exercises, Zer0 practices, Sorrel looks for a way to cook some food. Misty shares her rations with the people in the room. Councillors Raistlin and Alster come over to talk to Iliqua about getting back to the dock and better safety.

The most of the party organise travel to the dock and protection for the councillors and civilians. Misty heads over to the Phoenix Guard to ask why they're not wanting to head back to the dock - the guard believe that this place is the safest.

Zer0 has a conversation with Teestin, the eldest of the councillors, about how old he is, who Adeptus Prime is, getting nowhere. Teestin heads off, with Zer0 following to try and keep him safe.

Misty asks the civilians and councillors about magic, gets told to talk to Teestin. Gets a similar level of wierdness. Asks him to open a scroll case, which he does by a simple hit with his staff.

Misty asks Iliqua if he has a spare spell book, but he has none. Iliqua asks for a red dragon scale for spell casting purposes, one isn't available, but a healing potion is. Jaxzon puts his ear to a barricade to try and hear what's outside, taking a small amount of fire damage.

A brief conversation with a guard, who removes the barricade and allows Jaxzon to properly figure out what is outside. Sounds of many insects can be heard. Misty offers to be sneaky outside to figure out what is out there. Four large ants, one with wings, immediately spot her and move to attack, one grabs her with the others attacking and knocking her unconcious.

Iliqua moves in to help, casting green flame blade and attacking an ant, hitting and doing some damage as well as causing a nearby ant a smaller amount of damage. His form blurs soon after, and tries to attract their attention by yelling. Zer0 runs in and uses his swords dash ability to cause damage to two ants.

The ants attack Iliqua, one missing, one hitting. Another attacks Zer0 doing some damage as well. Sorrel enters the room and casts cure wounds on Misty, getting her back up, and bringing her spiritual weapon into play. The weapon attacks, but misses.

Misty casts Shadow Rake but misses, then tries to make it back to the door, making it to relative safety. The winged ant moves in between Zer0, Iliqua and Sorrel, using an ability to stun them all. It grapples Iliqua and flies to the ceiling.

Jaxzon tries to convince the Phoenix Guard to help out, but gets nowhere. He moves into combat and invokes his protection ability granting some help to Zer0 and Sorrel, but not being close enough to Iliqua to help him. He also casts Shield of Faith on himself.

The ants attack, hitting Zer0 but missing the others. Misty shoots a bolt at the winged ant, hitting and doing some damage, but not killing it. The winged ant continues to take Iliqua to the ceiling, then bites causing some damage. The ant then drops Iliqua to try and kill him.

Jaxzon swings at an ant, hitting with some divine help, and killing an ant. The other ants let out a shrill cry at the death, Jaxzon returns the cry then picks Iliqua up off the ground.

Iliqua swings at an ant, but misses, then misty steps to the door to escape. Zer0 attacks an ant twice, doing max damage, but fails to kill it. The ant returns the attack, causing some damage. Another ant hits Jaxzon doing a small amount of damage.

Sorrel moves to a flanking position, hitting an ant and doing some damage. She moves her spiriual weapon to attack the other ground ant, missing. Misty shoots the winged ant again, killing it. Jaxzon hits one of the ants, decapitating it.

Iliqua steps back into the room, casting firebolt, but misses. Zer0 attacks the remaining ant, damaging it but still fails to kill it. The ant hits Jaxzon doing max damage, also failing to kill. Sorrel hits with her mace, killing the the final ant and ending combat.

Jaxzon claims a trophy, Sorrel harvests an acid gland. Jaxzon checks the door to where the ettercaps were, but doesn't seem to hear anything. He opens the door and the ettercap attempts to garotte him, but misses. A blob of webbing does hit and immobilises him, a follow up attack hits.

Iliqua re-enters the room, shooting a firebolt against the web holding Jaxzon, burning them away but injuring Jaxzon in the process. Zer0 moves closer, but can't get near enough to help. Sorrel moves closer as well, casting a healing spell to help a near death Jaxzon, then moves her spiritual weapon closer.

Misty moves closer and casts Shadow Rake, but misses, and retreats to the wall. Jaxzon attempts to hit and misses and loses his Shield of Faith, recasting it. The ettercap attempts to re-web him and claw, both missing. Iliqua moves closer, casting firebolt and hitting critically and causing significant damage, but failing to kill it.

Zer0 rushes in, slicing through the door frame and the ettercap, splattering Jaxzon with blood and guts and ending combat again. Misty enters the room despite Sorrel's attempts to stop her, searching the desk for traps, but failing to unlock it. Iliqua borrows her thieves' tools to have a go, managing to unlock it. Misty shoves him out of the way to search the drawer, finding a couple of books (taxes and politics, woo) and a false floor, a third book, a vial and an amulet.

Sorrel casts cure wounds on Iliqua. The vial is figured out to be a hallucigenic drug, given back to Misty for later. The party return to the chamber and takes a short rest. The amulet is identified as a necklace of sending, Iliqua uses it to find where the other end is, finding the drug dealer. Iliqua gives it to Misty for later.

Raistlin asks if the way is clear and preparation to leave begins. End scene.