---
layout: post
title:  "Week 26"
date:   2021-10-14 17:00:00 +1200
categories: journal
---
Jaxzon gets hauled off to jail, arguing the whole time. Misty disappears into another plot hole, but the remaining party stay and examine the arachnotitan, noting that it appears to be decaying slightly faster than usual.

Sorrel looks to see if venom can be extracted, not seeing anything obvious on the fangs. Zer0 does some more research about the battlefield.

A long rest is had, Iliqua does some late night research around enchanting, not quite finding anything useful. In the morning a conversation between Sorrel and Iliqua about wealthy friends and how single they are.

-- Morning --

Iliqua wakes to a knocking on his door - the head mistress is asking for his presence in her office, wanting to talk about Murdal. He follows her to her office, along with a couple of teachers. She asks the last time Iliqua saw Murdal and Linden. Murdal apparently hasn't been seen in a couple of days, and Linden hasn't returned from the basement areas of the academy. Iliqua sends a message to Sorrel asking where she is and returns to his enchanting fun.

Zer0 heads off to find out how long Jaxzon will be incarcerated for. Asking a couple of guards, finding out that his trial is due later today. With nothing else to do, he wanders around town listening to the people. Multiple breaches over the wall from the fey forest and a few drunk people not making it home. Some theories that these are connected, but no real evidence is attached.

Sorrel wakes, does the usual morning stuff, then heads to her clinic. Using some paint to add to the grafitti, turning it into some advertising. Nearing midday, a client arrives with a wierd injury - an arm appears morphed into something resembling a tree. He was doing his normal shopping, saying that a winged baby flew over the wall and attacked him, turning his bones to wood. She asks him to return later for a potential cure.

-- Afternoon --

Zer0 wanders near the walls, noticing some damage still showing. Something runs passed heading into the city, looking like a small person with a spear. He follows it to the market, where it tries to steal an apple. He buys a different apple and offers it to the sprite.

It rushes back to the wall, hitting a tray and disappears to the other side. He investigates it, puts the apple in, which disappears. A silver coin stays as well as a gold coin. A small child suggests that berries would work. Zer0 heads back to the market to buy berries and heads back to the wall.

Placing some berries in the tray, the response seems better, finding a sprite in a food coma. A prod evokes a panicky attack misses, along with a second one. A brief conversation, Zer0 asking what the creature is - fleetfoot pixie.

Iliqua goes to talk to Teriel Gland (master chef), asking about the pie he got from Dibblah. The teacher dissects the pie, casts various spells, seeing the meat blink at him. He figures out that it is some kind of divine curse, noting that Remove Curse should sort it out. Fresh means more random effects, current might mean unconciousness for several days. Iliqua heads off to make a report to guards about finding and arresting Dibblah.

Sorrel heads to talk to Iliqua in the enchanting room. Iliqua has a favour to ask about asking for help with his enchanted boots. He asks her to sit nearby while continues with the task, asking for one of Sorrel's higher pre-rolls, getting a 3/day use of Longstrider. Afterwards, Sorrel asks about the Fey touched client, wondering if Iliqua knows more about it. He suggests talking to someone in the Academy about it.

-- Evening --

Zer0 meets up with Iliqua and Sorrel. An update on Jaxzon is conveyed, and Sorrel explains a plan to get Zer0 some drugs. Zer0 explains his meeting with the pixie, while they all head to the sleezy part of town.

Heading to a druid grove, passing near the wall, the sound of buzzing can be heard. Iliqua has an attempted polymorph resisted, a brief conversation about buying drugs is had with a dirty human.

Near a large sewer pipe stand quite a few robed people and a satyr. Iliqua asks about drugs, the satyr brings the party into the sewer pipe. A few minutes later, a collapsed part of the wall is reached, and the satyr asks what the party wants. Iliqua asks for something simple to start with, the satyr mixes up something. Payment is made and the party heads back out.

Iliqua is again targeted with a polymorph spell, this time it succeeds turning him into a field mouse. The mouse starts floating away, Zer0 attempts to grab the mouse, succeeding and revealing a corrupted pixie. Combat ensues!

Pixie (23), Sorrel (12), Zer0 (11), Iliqua (8)

The pixie casts confusion on Sorrel, but it doesn't take hold, then tries to grab Iliqua, but again fails.

Sorrel advises Zer0 to injure the mouse to return Iliqua to normal form. She casts sacred flame, killing the pixie and ending the polymorph and combat. A check for loot finds nothing. She disgusts Iliqua by stepping on the corpse and squishing it underfoot.

Shortest combat ever?

On the way back, a large drunken group is encountered. One of the group is polymorphed and is floated over the wall. Sometime later, Iliqua notices that his coin purse is missing. A bath house is found and a private room is asked about. Iliqua and Sorrel attempt to weasel them in for cheaper on the basis that Zer0 isn't a real boy.

This somehow succeeds, with Iliqua given an offer of wine later. Due to the high quality of the bathing and food, the party gain advantage on Constitution saving throws. Zer0 learns that he does indeed float, but isn't a witch. Sorrel uses Zer0 as a surf board, nailing the check (19 and 20!).

Iliqua retrieves the drugs, noting that they smell pretty bad. Zer0 draws a heart shape with the drugs, avoiding the addiction check. A yellowish tinge spreads over the area, then Zer0 falls unconcious...