---
layout: post
title:  "Week 9"
date:   2021-04-01 17:00:00 +1200
categories: journal
---
Surviving party members, along with their employer Ethen, manage to surface near each other after the remaining sea hags gather bodies and loot and leave. Some gather flotsam to use as an improvised raft, while Iliqua and Kirv use firebolt and eldritch blast in the hopes of signalling another ship.

A nearby ship does see the party, ringing its bell and turning towards them. Iliqua goes hunting the pearls, eventually finding them, while the ship rescues captures the rest of the party, confiscating weapons. Pirates, ahoy.

When Iliqua surfaces, he is also 'rescued' and taken to the brig with the others. Already in the brig is one of the new characters, Sorrel. The second new character, Jaxzon, is sent below to guard the new prisoners.

Iliqua attempts to bribe the guard, offering a silver piece. A second guard comes down, and takes Iliqua away for a conversation. The key to the brig is given and a basic plan is formed to escape, kill the crew and take over the ship. Pirating the pirates, if you will.

The party escape the brig and head up one floor to where the armoury is. Jaxzon heads up further to distract the rest of the crew. Misty sneaks around, killing one of the crew by stabbing them in the temple. The armoury is raided, everyone getting their weapons and armour back, and they all head up to the top.

Jaxzon confronts three of the crew, uses a special ability to frighten one of them, then gets beaten up by the remainder, including a cleric. Iliqua casts ice knife, doing some damage to one of the crew and the cleric.

Sorrel goes after the wizard, one of the crew attempts to hit Jaxzon, critically missing and whacking the cleric instead. Zer0 attacks and kills the crew member, cutting deeply through their shoulder, into their chest.

The cleric casts hold person and the wizard casts grasping vines? both on Jaxzon, rendering him very helpless. The cleric calls for the captain, who emerges and is identified as Mr Kneecaps - former 'brother' to Mr Knuckles. Mr K scores some free hits, nearly killing Jaxzon.

Zer0 removes the cleric's head in response. Kirv uses eldritch blast on the wizard. The wizard casts firebolt on Kirv, who responds with hellish rebuke, sending the squishy to unconciousness. The final crew member is killed, and the party surround Mr Kneecaps, beating him to near death.