---
layout: post
title:  "Week 21"
date:   2021-07-22 17:00:00 +1200
categories: journal
---
Misty once again finds a plot hole and disappears into it. Sorrel returns from her plot hole, having slept in.

Jaxzon claims a trophy from the beetle, hoping to improve his shield, then walks to where Kirv entered to find out what's going on. Several covered items on the table can be seen, but no Kirv.

A check for traps succeeds in the greatest possible way - Jaxzon notices a stone frowny face mask in a cabinet, and calls for Iliqua, who refuses to move.

Taking the cloth off some of the items - a half-burned book, with a strong call to read it. Jaxzon picks it up and opens it to read it - passing a wisdom saving throw, but losing some max health. Iliqua arrives to warn him of further reading, closing the book, and returning it to the table. He checks the title, "Prophecies of..." is all that can be determined.

A memory of a decade ago is recalled about a council sending out an expedition to find ancient desert ruins, obtaining "valuable literature".

Checking out the stone mask, a slight magical aura is detected. Jaxzon prays for help with his "curse", being told to continue reading the book, which he does. Sorrel heals Iliqua, gaining some thanks.

Sorrel checks out the other item on the table, finding a coconut sized rusted orb, with some indentations and jewels. A quick inspection by Sorrel gives her the idea that it works like a censer. Iliqua picks up heavy demonic and summoning vibes.

Jaxzon, in a rare moment of intelligence, decides to leave the book behind. Sorrel covers the orb again, then looks to the cabinet with a few items - dragon teeth, precious metal, a large curved sword, and a severed wooden arm.

Zer0 enters the room, moves closer to the cabinet, looking at the arm but not recalling anything about it.

Jaxzon checks the pile of rubble, to see if it can be cleared. Zer0 checks the rooms, finding an archway in the first, maybe seeing a person in the second. Jaxzon checks the tunnel, seeing a curve and light, but waits for the party.

The party gather by the tunnel, Jaxzon heading in first, having some difficulty squeezing through, but making it eventually. The other side of the tunnel is in an infirmary, a few empty beds and an open door on the other side.

Sorrel heads in next, has a more difficult time, but making it through. Iliqua goes third, easily making through. Zer0 struggles with the tunnel, being the biggest, but eventually making it through. 

Jaxzon checks out the beds, finding nothing of interest. Heading out of the room, he checks out a plaque on the wall, finding it to be a directory of sorts, with some creepy names like Primary Dissection, Curse Containment, and Embryo Study.

Jaxzon moves up and listens intently, hearing some laboured breathing nearby. The party heads off in the other direction, finding a door that says Medical Supplies. Iliqua checks the door, finding it locked, but untrapped. Using Misty's theives tools, not quite getting it unlocked.

Jaxzon offers to smash the door down, Iliqua suggests we check the rest of the rooms first. Iliqua tries again on advice from Sorrel, successfully unlocking the door. Jaxzon opens the door, seeing shelves with healers kits, Sorrel taking them all, distributing them and storing the rest.

A couple of scroll cases are spotted by Iliqua, quickly claiming them. A scroll of Remove Curse and another of Cure Wounds (given to Sorrel). Five healing potions on a last shelf are distributed.

Iliqua heads off around the corner, Zer0 following faithfully. The remains of two bodies, very mangled can be seen at the end of the hallway. These appear to be the two that were talking about Councillor Raistlin, having tried to break in to his office and getting blasted into death.

Sorrel and Jaxzon arrive, searching the bodies comes up with more thieves tools, a spellbook and a Stone of Message on one. Sorrel discovers that the people were crushed from behind, likely the beetle encountered earlier.

Sorrel checks the other body, almost grabbing a broken acid vial. Finding a wand and another Stone of Message.

Sorrel checks out the only other room with an open door, finding another hole in the floor, and a sac in the corner. Iliqua checks out the councillor's door, finding it locked. An attempt to unlock it triggers a trap, spraying fire on Zer0, Jaxzon and Iliqua.

Iliqua pulls out the Scroll of Knock given to him by Raistlin and uses it on the door, making a lot of noise, but opening the door. He steps into the room, the rest of the party following him, and closing and re-locking the door.

Iliqua looks for the items requested by Raistlin, finding a drawer in his desk that is vibrating. Jaxzon listens at the door hearing insects and footsteps outside. Iliqua opens the drawer, triggering a trap and getting shot by a dart. An attempt to remove the dart fails.

A box is inside that whispers in an unknown language, which is placed in the bag of holding. Sorrel checks the dart, figuring out that it can be removed, but will cause a bit of damage in the process.

Iliqua takes a big swallow of wine while Sorrel removes the dart, successfully doing so and healing Iliqua again. Iliqua picks up the bag and shakes it, feeling something inside.

Jaxzon looks in the bag, seeing a bunch of colourful pills and powder. He describes this to Iliqua who figures out that they are hallucinigenic, a viagra analogue, and something similar to an anesthetic (creepy).

Knocking on the door can be heard, and a stuttering voice calling for the party to vacate. Iliqua replies about having a pass, but refusing to open the door. More clicking can be heard and a spitting sound - the door looks like it has begun to melt.

The whole gets big enough to see through, a former female elf can be seen, having merged with a fly. Sorrel throws the dart at the fly-elf, hitting her but causing no other effect.

Combat ensues! Jaxzon, beetles, FlyElf, Illiqua, Zer0 and Sorrel.

Jaxzon imbues his axe with wrathful smite, takes a swing but misses and steps aside.

A beetle rushes in the door, and uses it's lightning effect - only Zer0 takes damage and loses his reaction. A second beetle copies the first, Iliqua, Zer0 and the FlyElf getting affected.

FlyElf sprays more acid into the room, hitting two beetles and most of the party. Iliqua is the only party member fully affected, getting knocked unconcious. The beetles are also killed. She tries to leave, getting smacked by Jaxzon, pumping a Divine Smite and the wrathful smite into it. The fear effect is resisted, but the big damage is not. She spits a blob of acid at Sorrel, but misses.

Iliqua nails his death saving throw, returning to conciousness. He steps to the side, and casts Ice Knife at a beetle, hitting and killing it. FlyElf and another beetle avoid the AoE effect.

Zer0 moves up to FlyElf, pinning her to the door and killing her. Using his action surge, moves to the remaining beetle and finishing it off, getting ever closer to leveling up his sword.

Some of Iliqua's blood reaches the crucible in the center, opening a secret compartment in the desk - a crystal falls out that appears to help in scrying efforts.

Sorrel checks the room with the tunnel again, noting that the sac has been opened. Jaxzon checks the nurses room, Iliqua checks Palador's room and Sorrel checks a third room.

Sorrel's room was once a teacher's room but is unused. Checking out the desk, finding a tome that appears to be of great interest.

Iliqua unlocks the room and steps aside to let Zer0 in - a chair, a whetstone and a table with lots of smithing equipment, along with a weapon rack.

Jaxzon tries to force his door open, failing horribly and injuring himself. He comes into the same room as Zer0 but does not find anything of interest.

Sorrel checks the nurses room door, confirming that it is still locked. Iliqua once more tries to unlock it, but fails. Jaxzon grabs a crowbar and utterly nails the roll with two natural twenties ([wtf](/assets/nat20s_jaxzon.jpg)). In the room is typical nurse bits and a glass cabinet, which contains sharp instruments and a syringe.

Sorrel checks the syringe, figuring out that it can offer an effect similar to Relentless Endurance. The sharp instruments are magical scalpels that can aid in harvesting. She opens the cabinet, triggering a trap that turns her into a potted plant. Jaxzon grabs a scalpel and picks up the plant.

The party moves back to Palador's room, tries to secure the door. Iliqua grabs the plant, dashing it against the wall and returning Sorrel to her normal form. A short rest is taken and the scene ends.
