---
layout: post
title:  "Week 25"
date:   2021-09-30 17:00:00 +1200
categories: journal
---
Misty pops out of her plot hole, holding a light crossbow called Silver Crested Shield Bow - +2 AC, +1 to hit, short range is not at disadvantage, 1/day can use a special ability to do an additional 4d6 damage.

Jaxzon collects his splint mail, and buys a lance at the same time, then spends some time calling for his Steed, getting a feeling that his goddess has blessed the call, and receives a battle lion - 40ft movement, multiattack, can gain further abilities when it levels up. Blue tinted white fur, with a light blue mane.

Everyone else wakes up from their long rest and gathers to plan activities. Zer0 admires the splint mail that Jaxzon has and decides to find a set for himself. He finds the same shop as Jaxzon, and orders his set for 275 gold! He finds a quiet place to read through the warforged notes.

Iliqua goes to figure out how to transfer spells and work on enchantments - essentially wanting to enchant boots with longstriding.

Jaxzon bonds with his lion and tries to sell his now unneeded chain mail to the same blacksmith.

Sorrel heads to the seedier parts of town to set up a medical clinic, finding an abandoned shop. At the end of the day a commotion is heard outside of Sorrel's shop - heading outside he finds the front covered in red paint that says heretic.

Misty wanders about people watching, listening to rumours, hearing a possibility that Alarielle was mortally wounded during the battle, and that with fewer guards, the fey incursions are increasing.

Iliqua also heads to the docks to organise fixing the boat, and adjust the internal layout of the rooms. He disguises himself as a female, and talking to the dockmaster, nails the persuasion check (nat 20 yeah), getting a great deal.

Sorrel looks for a magic shop, specifically after a pair of boots of elvenkind to help with stealth. Finding out how much they cost (500gp), she decides to try and steal them instead. She ducks into a nearby alley to wait, noticing a few guards that might cause problems. She decides to call off the attempt, thinking that there are too many guards to risk it.

Jaxzon wanders around the town looking for magic items, goes with the Academy for something special and/or dangerous. He finds and buys gleaming oil (faulty).

Misty investigates an option of turning a dagger into a bayonet for her light crossbow, possibly using sovreign glue though that is a legendary item. She goes through some of her old loot to find something to sell - using her dispel magic dagger to open one of the scroll cases, finding a scroll of spiderclimb.

Zer0's efforts to read, the warforged was slowly deteriorating, has searched far and wide. When things were nearing the end, looking bleak, while exploring the outer ring he finds an ancient battlefield, and he gets a second message from Adeptus Prime. On getting his splint mail, he heads back to his room and applies the oil.

Iliqua goes to talk to Murdal (an artificer). They talk about attaching items to other items, magical or otherwise. Offering some practice by way of helping Misty with her bayonet project.

Jaxzon goes out to find himself a lady of the night (*cough*) and everyone finally rests for the night.

Day two dawns. Iliqua works all day on enchanting his boots, and buying more wine from his favourite shop, and possibly organising a bottomless flask of good quality elven wine.

Jaxzon cures a bunch of diseased sex workers, and selling rides on his lion. He also asks about his brother, finding a few bits of information and hoping to convince the party to head to Eversprings again.

Zer0 heads to the library to investigate possible battlefields in the outer ring. Finding a great amount of detail around one in Nagarythe and the Desolation of Tethis, where most of the War of the Beard took place and where warforged were first introduced.

Misty heads to talk to Murdal about her bayonet project. Getting a special price for being a friend of Iliqua of 50 gold. She takes him up on it, and looks around for things to steal. Seeing a book in a pile (Intro to Artificing), she tries to remove it, making a bunch of noise in the process, but not drawing Murdal's attention. She also opens another scrollcase - a scroll of darkness is inside. Lastly she reads more of her Words of Power book.

Sorrel goes to talk to Misty and asks to borrow her cloak of disguise for another attempt to steal the boots again. She goes to talk to Iliqua and asks for invisibility to help in her task. She disguises herself as Eldur as a back up if the invisibility fails. With only one guard on duty, she uses one of her special dice rolls (a nat 20) to swipe the boots and shove them into her bag of holding. The invisibilty drops as she walks away, but noone seems to notice. She casts invisibility on herself and rushes away.

The afternoon arrives, Iliqua is still working on his enchantment, but the rest of the party head to where the arachnotitan corpse remains to see if they can find some treasure. Misty casts Detect Magic, seeing an awful lot of it, as well as a bunch of guards.

The guards stop the party from getting closer to the corpse, while Misty skulks off to try and find spell books in the nearby shops. Jaxzon tries to use his lion to intimidate his way past the guards, failing in a most spectacular way... two guards arrest Jaxzon and take him away.

Zer0 attempts to be nice about getting a closer look, the arachnotitan's head was crushed by the tree guardian, its body showing signs of stretch marks from growing too quickly.