---
layout: post
title:  "Week 7"
date:   2021-03-18 17:00:00 +1200
categories: journal
---
Most of the party have just completed a round of looting in the pirate base, while Kirv and Eldur remain unconcious.

New equipment include a Covenant greatsword for Zer0, a locket for Jennkig, and brass knuckles for Eldur.

Kirv and Eldur are placed on the bed to recover, with Jennkig as a bed mate taking a nap. The others go through a short rest.

Zer0 practices with his new sword, Iliqua researches the gold rod trying to figure out what it does. Misty is nowhere to be found.

Once Kirv and Eldur awake, Kirv is immediately drawn to the rod that Iliqua is holding. Some wierdness ensues, eventually leading to Kirv asking nicely for the rod and telling Iliqua what the rod is saying, and fusing it with his sword.

The party exits the main base area to find Misty untying Ethen who had been captured by Mr Knuckles and brought to the base. They all enter the boat brought by Mr Knuckles and sail back to the main dock and town.

Alcohol is purchased by Jennkig and Iliqua, Zer0 practices with his sword some more, Eldur continues with his pushup regimine. Eventually the party set off for the next stop on the journey.

During the first day at sea, a ship wreck is spotted. A brief conversation about whether we should rescue them comes to a head with a contested persuasion roll, with Eldur winning over Jennkig and a decision to rescue the survivors.

Five survivors were brought aboard on the condition that they remove all possessions other than clothes. An attempt by Eldur to question them about their belongings lead to him knocking out a dwarf. Kirv tries and fails to stop Eldur, while Jennkig uses a story to make Kirv breathe fire (ala Dragon's Breath spell).

The fire breath incinerates the rescued people, and sets fire to the mast and sails. Several attempts to douse the fire do not stop the spread. Eldur drops the one remaining dinghy, without anyone in it, in an attempt to abandon ship. The captain and crew think he's stealing it, and try to stop him.