---
layout: post
title:  "Week 12"
date:   2021-04-29 17:00:00 +1200
categories: journal
---
BOSS BATTLE! Mournkeld makes itself known (weakened, imprisoned, vampiric, combo fighter)

Mournkeld drops from the ceiling, all of the mannequins fall flat. It takes a deep breath, frightening several of the party (Zer0 and Jaxzon excepted). A strike at Iliqua connects, causing significant damage.

Misty casts Shadow Rake, doing some damage. Zer0 swings and misses, Iliqua strikes with his sword, doing a small bit of damage.

Abilities - Moonlight Sontata (curse), Frightening Roar, Goring Rend

Jaxzon throws a javelin, missing. Sorrel tries to blind Mournkeld but fails. Kirv makes his way to the rest of the party, a distinct lack of sound makes him wonder and asks his sword for info, but nothing is gained. He heads toward the sickly light, hearing sobbing all around. He finds the door, opens the door and joins the fight.

Kirv inquires after Ethen, gets told to engage - an attempt to use eldritch blast misses.

Mournkeld pulls a bit of light from its chest and throws it at Jaxzon (MS). He resists the effect, so MK roars again, frightening a few party again. Misty moves to a flanking position, striking and doing some damage.

Zer0 strikes and does some big damage. Iliqua moves to the corner, casts Magic Missile, and calls upon his bladesong ability. Jaxzon rushes in to attack, adding a divine smite to the mix. Sorrel calls up her spiritual weapon, attacking with it, hitting critically, then tolls the dead, and moves away to mitigate the fear factor (teehee).

Kirv uses his breath weapon (lightning), then tries to leave, finding it locked and getting a massive dose of fear against leaving.

Mournkeld attacks Misty twice, knocking her out, and laughing in a creepy way. Zer0 moves to flank with Jaxzon and attacks twice (using action surge), doing considerable damage, and exposing the blue blob at Mournkeld's center. Iliqua casts Magic Missile again, and moves his URA to assist Misty when she regains consciousness.

Jaxzon attacks with his axe, causing Mournkeld to fall apart. It uses an ability to regain a bunch of health, stealing it from Sorrel and Kirv, knocking Sorrel out.

Sorrel regains consciousness with a great roll, stands up, moves closer and heals Misty. She moves her spiritual weapon and attacks causing some damage. Kirv casts eldritch blast, missing. 

Mournkeld roars again, frightening more party members, and moves. Several party members attempt to attack - Zer0, Misty and Sorrel miss and take damage - Misty and Sorrel are knocked out again, Zer0 is very damaged and Mournkeld heals up significantly.

Zer0 stabilises Misty. URA is commanded to search for potions on Misty, finding the oil of slipperiness and a potion of healing. Iliqua casts firebolt but misses. Jaxzon lays on hands on Misty, bringing her back from the dead again, then moves closer to Mournkeld.

Kirv moves and misses with eldritch blast again, Mournkeld lashes out, knocking out Kirv, then curses Jaxzon. Another frightening roar comes out, Misty remains frightened, but Zer0 comes out of it.

Misty casts Shadow Rake but misses. Zer0 strikes critically, doing a fair bit of damage. URA is commanded to heal Sorrel with a potion, regaining consciousness again. Iliqua casts firebolt, hitting this time. Jaxzon moves to flank and strikes with his axe, adding divine smite.

Sorrel stands up, moves closer and misses with his mace, moves her spiritual weapon, which also misses. Kirv fails a death save.

Mournkeld tries to grab Jaxzon and misses, then roars again, re-frightening Zer0, Misty and Sorrel. It attacks Misty again and knocking her unconscious again (le-sigh). Zer0 uses his swords first ability to dash and hit, but doesn't do much damage. Jaxzon's curse is invoked, taking some damage and losing concentration.

URA attempts to find more potions on Misty, but getting nothing. Iliqua casts Magic Missile at a higher level, doing some damage, bringing Mournkeld closer to death. Jaxzon connects with an attack. Sorrel heals Kirv, and tolls the dead. Kirv stands up and misses with eldritch blast once again.

Mournkeld attacks Jaxzon but misses both times. Misty passes a death save. Zer0 misses. URA finds a potion and feeds it to Misty. Iliqua casts a critical firebolt, hitting Mournkeld's heart finally killing it. A voice sounding like Mournkeld says "FREE AT LAST!" - the fight ends and everyone levels up.