---
layout: post
title:  "Week 19"
date:   2021-07-08 17:00:00 +1200
categories: journal
---
Kirv disappears into another plot hole. Misty appears out of a different one. Combat continues.

Iliqua jumps down from the roof, stumbling slightly but avoiding damage. Moving into melee range, casts Green Flame Blade and attacks an ant, hitting and killing it. Green flame sprouts from the corpse and hits another nearby ant.

Zer0 moves in front of Iliqua and takes a swing at an ant, missing and looks confused.

Jaxzon swings at the same ant and hits, but doesn't kill it.

The ants attack Jaxzon and Sorrel - missing Jaxzon but hitting Sorrel.

Sorrel removes the poison from her body, moves her spiritual weapon closer to an ant and killing it.

Misty leaps from the roof, landing with typical cat grace. She casts Shadow Rake, hitting the remaining ant, but not killing it.

Iliqua pushes Zer0 out of the way, punching the ant and finishing it off, and getting a high-five from Jaxzon, and ending the combat.

The party set off again, moving toward the outer wall to try and avoid enemies. A few minutes later, they encounter a couple of giant scorpions blocking the road.

Sorrel blesses Jaxzon, Zer0 and Misty, and heals herself.

Jaxzon roars and rushes closer, throwing a javelin and hitting, then casting Wrathful Smite on his sword.

Sorrel moves up next to Jaxzon, casts Blindness on the same scorpion.

Misty moves much closer, taking advantage of her feline grace, then casts Burning Hands on both scorpions and finally retreats back to Sorrel and Jaxzon.

Blinded giant scorpion rushes ahead and attacks wildly, missing Sorrel all three times.

Other scorpion joins the fray, attacking Jaxzon - missing with its claws but striking with its stinger.

An unknown enemy (a beetle) makes its move, leaping down and attacking and biting Misty, causing some fire damage. She also gets sprayed with butt napalm, blinding her. The beetle runs off, but Misty still hits with an opportunity attack.

Iliqua moves closer, looking for open or broken windows. A ray of frost streaks out to the beetle, doing a small amount of damage but also slowing it.

Zer0 rushes in, taking a swipe against scorpion #1, doing a big chunk of damage.

Jaxzon takes a swing at the other scorpion, hitting and frightening it, pumping his last Divine Smite into the damage.

Sorrel smacks one with her mace, and casts Healing Word on Jaxzon.

Misty shoots blindly at the scorpions, missing them and hitting Zer0 in the back.

Scorpion #1 hits Sorrel, grappling her. Zer0 also gets grappled and stabbed with its stinger doing a bunch of posion damage (though Zer0 has poison resistance).

Scorpion #2 hits Jaxzon and grapples him, a stab with its stinger misses.

Assassin Beetle moves back to Misty and bites, knocking her unconcious, moves to Iliqua and blinds him.

Iliqua moves up and jumps through a window (Assassin Beetle misses), casts Aganazzar's Scorcher through both scorpions, almost killing #1.

Zer0 hits critically, sweeping through both pincers, removing them and killing it, then moves around behind the other scorpion.

Jaxzon also hits critically on scorpion #2, not doing as much damage, being out of Divine Smites.

Sorrel smacks the scorpion with her mace, doing some damage.

Misty passes her first death save (1-0).

Scorpion #2 turns around dragging Jaxzon with it, and attacks Jaxzon, missing twice.

The Assassin Beetle rushes Iliqua and attempts to bite him, but a shield prevents physical damage and a good roll avoids further blindness.

Iliqua tries to hit the beetle back, but misses and runs back outside. The beetle attempts to attack but misses, and use of a shield prevents the giant scorpion from grabbing him.

Zer0 swings and misses, then moves around behind the scorpion.

Jaxzon hits the scorpion and buries his axe in between its eyes, killing it. He then moves into where the beetle is.

Sorrel casts Toll The Dead on the beetle, but it resists.

Misty fails her next death save (1-1).

The Assassin Beetle sprays Jaxzon, then disengages and runs off up some stairs.

Iliqua, still blind, moves and stabs the already dead scorpion. His blindness fades at last.

Sorrel takes a potion from Iliqua and feeds it to Misty, bringing her back to conciousness, and combat ends.

The party rushes off to the Academy, despite Iliqua demanding a trip to the bath house.

Iliqua explains about the gate not letting most of the party through, and steps past the gate. He asks the guard to briefly open the gate to let everyone else through.

The guard apprises Iliqua of the situation and advises him to visit a couple of teachers. Talking of going to the basement is warned off by the guard, as there have been several infections that have turned several people bad.

The party heads off to find Vistra by way of a bath (finally). Walking through the antechamber, a large number of people are found, some injured. Jaxzon heals one of the guards, who gives thanks. Misty uses her magic hat to disguise herself as a high elf.

An encounter with Talia (a former student) is rebuffed by Iliqua and the party continues onward. Iliqua chats with people in the line for the baths, Jaxzon strips out of his chainmail. Finally access to the bathhouse is gained and cleanliness is achieved.

Vistra is visited, and a half insect/half person is seen strapped to a table. Misty leaves again. Vistra seems very interested in Zer0, wanting to see what makes him tick.

Sorrel pokes and prods the insectoid person on the table. Vistra gives Jaxzon a stone to help avoid trouble. On being told about the party being involved with Alarielle, she retrieves stone and hands out a higher level clearance card.

Vistra and Sorrel chat about the infection, Vistra checks Jaxzon's wound, claims and piece of flesh and continues her research.

Jaxzon heads off to eat and rest and pray. Sorrel also prays hoping for a boon, getting a divination dice for use any time. Iliqua has a chat with Misty, warning her to stick with Sorrel and Jaxzon. Everyone heads off to some rooms for resting purposes, Iliqua and Zer0 head to his old room.

An old acquaintence is encountered, a dwarf (Murdal), which piques Zer0's interest greatly. Questions asked get some more information, though not the most important one (who is Adeptus Prime?!).

They both head into Iliqua's room, both taking a long rest.