---
layout: post
title:  "Week 31"
date:   2021-12-09 17:00:00 +1200
categories: journal
---
Watches are taken, the first two pass uneventfully. During Iliqua's first watch, he can see the occasional green lightning striking the main city. He gets some more time reading books as well. His second watch goes better for him, noting that Skaven escorts may be eating the warp stones that they're trying to earn.

Discussions are had on what to do - talk to Duegar, take on mind flayers, assassinate the "king" of the Skaven, scavenge dead bodies for warp stones, or create a bunch of food to trade.

Jaxzon does calisthenics and works on his armour, Iliqua heads off for a walk, Zer0 checks out the escorts, noting that they are looking a little restless and may be running out of food. Sorrel creates food and water into her stasis bag to impose some kind of control over it.

One of the escorts follows Iliqua, eventually getting prodded by it, trying to get him to return to the others. Iliqua asks what its name is, getting Ratsqueak back. Iliqua sits down, and tries to figure out how far the party has travelled in the Underdark, figuring out that the party is roughly at the center of the Gaensvale island.

Iliqua stands up, activates bladesong and turns invisible, then tries to walk away. Ratsqueak briefly freaks out, then notices dust in the cavern when Iliqua is stepping and moves to attack - hitting and doing a reasonable amount of damage. The invisibility holds, so Iliqua starts running instead. A call from Ratsqueak gets the other escort to join in the search, leaving the party somewhat bewildered.

The scene freezes, a record scratch is heard and a narrator says "This was not how the plan was supposed to go...".

Sorrel casts Magic Missile on SV #1 (11 dmg) and combat begins! Sorrel (19), Stormvermin (15), Jaxzon (9), Zer0 (6), Iliqua (3).

Round 1 - Sorrel casts Toll the Dead on the same SV, which fails its save (24 dmg), then casts Spiritual Weapon nearby which also hits (35 dmg).

SV #1 pulls out what looks like dynamite or a flare and drops in on the ground. An attack on Sorrel hits twice (once with critical) doing a bunch of damage (39 dmg), obviously knocking her unconcious.

SV #2 tries to continue after Iliqua.

Jaxzon steps closer to SV #1 and smacks it once (43 dmg), a second attack misses critically, and his axe flies out of his grasp. His lion tries to attack, but misses. He moves to get his axe, and avoids an attack of opportunity.

Zer0 moves close to SV #1 and strikes once (53 dmg). A second attack misses and he moves closer to Sorrel.

Iliqua moves a small amount to see if SV #2 takes a swing, which it doesn't, so he dashes away at full movement.

Round 2 - The green cloak rat appears behind SV #1, and stabs it with 3 daggers (one in each hand and a third held by its tail) - first attack hits (76 dmg). A second attack also hits (80 dmg), but the third misses. Lastly, he stamps on the signal flare to snuff it out.

Sorrel passes her first death save.

SV #2 gives up trying to find Iliqua, then dashes back into the fray. SV #1 attacks Zer0, missing the first, but hitting the second (14 dmg). A third attack hits green cloak (9 dmg).

Jaxzon commands his lion to pounce on SV #1 which hits (86 dmg), but fails to knock it prone. Jaxzon's first attack misses, but his second hits (101 dmg) and kills it, decapitating it.

Zer0 steps closer to Sorrel and dumps a potion of healing down her throat (5 health). He then holds his action to attack SV #2 or any other enemy if they come within range.

Iliqua starts returning to the party, abandoning his plan.

Green cloak pulls a bomb of sorts from its belt and throws it at SV #2, which fails its save, sticking it to the ground. An attack from behind hits (18 dmg).

Round 3 - Sorrel awakens and attacks with her spiritual weapon, hitting critically (35 dmg). She stands up, moves behind Jaxzon and casts haste.

SV #2 drops its halberd and lights a signal flare and holds it above its head.

Jaxzon dismounts his lion and moves up to SV #2 - first attack misses, second attack misses, third attack hits and he uses a divine smite (57 dmg). He commands his lion to attack as well, but misses.

Zer0 moves into range and attacks - first hits (66 dmg), second misses. An action surge is used - third attack misses, fourth hits (79 dmg).

Iliqua moves closer and casts Booming Blade, hitting (94 dmg) killing it, and cutting the fuse on the signal flare as part of the move and combat ends.

Jaxzon picks up the signal flare and pockets it. Iliqua pulls out the sending stone, shakes it, and speaks in Elven - "Near the centre of Gaensvale, Skaven infestation in HellPit, green ring in ground, attacking world roots. Using warpstones to create giant abominations. Help?"

Alarielle responds to Iliqua saying "Do not resist". She then casts Scry, has a look around and shoots up through the hole in the cavern.

Sorrel investigates the dead bodies, finding six warpstones, then asks green cloak for his name (Itchy Bitey) and offers some of the generated food, which is accepted eagerly.

Jaxzon moves the bodies to hide them, but fails to find anywhere suitable.

Iliqua replies to Alarielle's sending asking for help getting out. She replies saying that the party finds somewhere to hide, stating that she can find the party wherever they end up. She also mentions that the Phoenix Guard cannot handle the Skaven problem, and that a larger army would need to be called in.

The party asks Itchy for options, getting told to head north.

Alarielle asks what clan the Skaven, Iliqua asks Itchy and passes on Moulder. He also mentions demon to the north. Alarielle asks what god they follow, however, this time Itchy can't provide an answer.

Most of the party heads north, while Jaxzon recovers from the haste spell. He then commands his lion to try and clean the blood - his lion explodes due to magic contamination.

A large explosion is heard behind the party, large green cannonballs can be seen flying from the city and hitting where the lion exploded. A large force of Skaven can also be seen heading in the same direction.

A period of hard running from the party get them to the northern tunnel, Itchy the only one to fail a constitution save. A faint blue aura can be seen far down the tunnel. Iliqua enters the tunnel and signals to the rest that slowing down would be a good move, perhaps even resting for a while.

The party move further into the tunnel and try to hide - Iliqua fails and casts invisibilty. A short rest is taken, Iliqua makes use of his invisibilty to scout further ahead, finding nothing.

The party continue to wait, a few hours later a small black spot can be seen in the distance. It sniffs around, looking for something, then moves off.

Alarielle contacts Iliqua and mentions that they may need to wait as there aren't any trees with which to extract the party.

A conversation about options with Itchy - heading back to the world root for a quicker extraction, talking to the demons, or waiting where they are. The latter is taken for now.

Iliqua asks Itchy about the demons and if the party should be afraid, the conversation brings a memory from the past - figuring out the demons follow Tzenttch. Sometime later another black spot can be seen sniffing around and seemingly noticing something then running off back to the city.

In response the party moves further into the tunnel, looking for an alcove or some kind of space to hide in, finding something that could work. Sometime later a loud ringing can be heard coming closer. Itchy starts to fidget, saying that the party is probably in a lot of trouble...