---
layout: post
title:  "Week 28"
date:   2021-11-04 17:00:00 +1200
categories: journal
---
The party look around the cavern, noting boulders and stalagmites, a large mound of bodies directly under the hole in the ceiling. A couple of large areas with spiky growths can be seen at the far end of the range of dark vision.

Iliqua sits down and sets out some things on the ground, ritually casting Unseen Servant. Murdal comes to find out what he's doing. Sorrel wants to kill the creature/"God". Murdal asks Zer0 if he has any gadgets or similar that can help out. Jaxzon continues to try and climb out the hole at the top.

The sound of the creature can be heard at the far end of the cavern. Iliqua sends URA forward, next to one set of the spikes. He takes cover behind a boulder, and commands URA to pick up a rock and throw it against the ground. This brings the call for initiative...

Iliqua (19), Misty (18), Zer0 (10), Sorrel (9), Creature (8), ? (7), Jaxzon (6)

--- Round One ---
Iliqua chooses to stay put, trying to hide (13).

Misty holds her action, waiting for something to shoot.

Zer0 attempts to walk stealthily (13) to a boulder near the wall on the right edge.

Sorrel brings out her spiritual weapon, placing it near URA. She holds Magic Missile.

A slithering sound is heard from the end of the cavern, green tentacles can be seen taking a swipe at the spiritual weapon, missing it but hitting URA and destroying it. Sorrel's Magic Missile fires off at the tentacles doing a decent amount of damage.

Four large panther-like beasts (displacer beasts) appear and spread out around the cavern.

Jaxzon falls from the heavens, pulling off a superhero landing. He moves into a better position and channels his divinity to use his fear effect on all of the enemy - two displacer beasts failed, the rest pass. He calls his lion to stand next to him, then attack on of the displacer beasts - hitting with a paw attack, doing max damage. As a last action, he also brings in his spiritual weapon and attacks the tentacle beast, doing a small amount of damage.

Misty's held shot fires off at a different displacer beast, but misses.

--- Round Two ---
Iliqua activates Bladesong and casts Magic Missile at 3 different displacer beasts, hitting and removing their blur effect. He moves across the body pile towards other party members.

Misty shots a displacer beast with her short bow, doing a bunch of damage with sneak attack, and attempts to hide but seems to fail.

Murdal pulls out a gauntlet from his backpack, puts it on, and shoots a displacer beast with it. He then throws a coin to Zer0, granting Longstrider (10 ft movement).

Zer0 moves closer to one of the displacer beasts and attacks twice, but missing both times.

Sorrel casts Toll the Dead on a displacer beast, but it passes the test. She moves her spiritual weapon, attacking but missing.

The Slithering Mass shambles out of the darkness, moving between two displacer beasts, and envelops Jaxzon's lion, then attacks Jaxzon directly - the first attack misses, the second one hits. A reasonable amount of damage and a grapple results.

DB1 attacks Zer0, one attack misses completely, ending up hitting the Shambling Mound, the other attack barely misses.

DB2 moves to attack Misty, missing both times.

DB3 moves behind Jaxzon, hitting once.

DB4 attacks Sorrel, again hitting once.

Jaxzon's lion manages to escape the Shambling Mound, taking a small amount of damage.

Jaxzon swings and seems to miss, but Sorrel uses one of her rolls to enable a hit instead. A divine smite is used doing a good chunk of damage. A second attack hits, and a second divine smite is used, bringing it to about half way damage.

Jaxzon's spiritual weapon also hits, but an attack from his lion misses. Jaxzon finally chooses to mount his lion.

--- Round Three ---
Iliqua activates his Longstrider boots, moves through the body pile, and casts Aganazzar's Scorcher against two displacer beasts and the Shambling Mound. One beast fails the check, the Mound and other beast nail their rolls.

Misty disengages and moves away from the DB near her, then shoots at a different one, but misses. She uses her Feline Agility to rush to Murdal.

Murdal uses another coin and shoots a DB doing a good amount of damage. A surprising burst of movement gets him near Zer0's position.

Zer0 moves around behind Jaxzon, uses Fighting Spirit then attacks the Shambling Mound and a DB for a reasonable amount of damage to both.

Sorrel casts Toll the Dead and uses one of her dice to make it fail its check, but only does a small amount of damage. A spiritual weapon attack fails.

The Shambling Mound having grappled Jaxzon earlier yanks him inside it. An attack on his lion hits and grapples it as well. A second attack against Zer0 misses.

DB1 moves toward Iliqua and attacks, a shield blocks the first attack, but a critical roll hits. DB2 also attacks Iliqua, hitting once.

DB3 tries to hit Jaxzon's lion, hitting once and almost killing it.

DB4 hits Sorrel doing a good amount of damage, then critically hits on the second.

Jaxzon attempts to escape his confinement, but fails and stays entombed. He uses his lay on hands ability to heal himself, then attacks with his spiritual weapon, almost killing the Shambling Mound. His lion disengages and runs away.

--- Round Four ---
Iliqua casts Booming Blade and attacks a displacer beast but misses, and casts Misty Step to escape his predicament and provide flanking to Zer0.

Misty shoots the Shambling Mound, hitting and killing it, releasing Jaxzon. An attempt to hide seems to succeed.

Murdal shoots and misses, then throws a coin to Jaxzon giving him a bonus to AC.

Zer0 turns to a displacer beast and attacks twice, hitting both times and doing a good amount of damage.

Sorrel casts Magic Missile getting 5 darts and almost killing the DB in front of her. She moves her spiritual weapon to another DB and hits doing max damage.

DB1 rushes to Sorrel and attacks, missing both. DB4 also attacks, missing once and hitting and knocking her out.

DB2 attacks Jaxzon twice and misses both. DB3 hits Jaxzon once.

Jaxzon's lion rushes one of the DBs near Sorrel and pounces but misses. His spiritual weapon hits a DB, removing it's blur effect, then attacks the same one himself using up another divine smite to do a good amount of damage. His second attack misses.

--- Round Five ---
Iliqua casts Magic Missile, unblurring the other three DBs and almost killing one. He moves to give Zer0 flanking.

Misty pops out from behind a boulder and shoots the DB near Sorrel, finally killing it, then slips back into hiding.

Murdal moves back to the body pile and throws a coin at Sorrel, healing her. A shot at a DB hits, doing a small amount of damage.

Zer0 moves to attack a DB, using the last of Sorrel's rolls to hit. A second attack hits normally.

Sorrel reaches out and touches the DB near her and uses Inflict Wounds, doing a good amount of damage. Her spiritual weapon hits a different DB.

A DB near Jaxzon and Zer0 attacks but miss. The second DB attacks Jaxzon but misses.

Last DB attacks Sorrel and knocks her out again, but her channel divinity skill temporarily removes her from the battlefield. A second attack on Jaxzon's lion hits and "kills" it.

Jaxzon's spiritual weapon misses, and his two attacks also miss.

--- Check back next week for the rest of the action ---