---
layout: post
title:  "Week 8"
date:   2021-03-25 17:00:00 +1200
categories: journal
---
The party start to abandon ship, Eldur drops the lifeboat to the water. Iliqua jumps and uses Misty Step to teleport to the boat in an effort to avoid getting wet. Eldur gets to the boat in a more normal fashion, followed by Kirv.

Zer0 makes a beeline for Ethen, whips out a cheesy one-liner, grabs the boss and leaps off the back of the ship. Misty Shadow follows off the same side, while Jennkig finds a barrel to use, gets in and pushes it off the opposite side to the lifeboat. The captain and crew all bail out, trying to get to the lifeboat.

The ship starts sinking, creating massive suction within a 10 foot radius, pulling Jennkig, Zer0 and Ethen under. Misty Shadow and the lifeboat crew were smart enough to avoid it and are unaffected. Iliqua attempts to convince Eldur to row, which predictably fails - Eldur turns the boat around trying to rescue Ethen and avoid the crew who are desperately trying to reach safety.

Zer0 manages to get back to the surface, then pull Ethen up to relative safety. The captain gets on the lifeboat, punches Eldur in a fit of rage demanding to know who set fire to his ship. Iliqua points to where Jennkig is and the captain jumps back in the water to exact revenge.

Misty reaches the lifeboat, with two of the crew and the lifeboat gets near enough to Zer0 and Ethen to pick them up, Ethen climbing aboard, with Zer0 staying in the water, pretending to be an outboard motor. Misty calls upon the Shadowfell to cast Shadow Rake on the captain a couple of times, eventually eviscerating him before he can reach Jennkig.

The lifeboat picks up Jennkig just in time for the fun to really begin - the Sea Hags arrive. Yes, plural. Three of them, forming a coven. The leader tries to start a conversation, which Eldur completely ignores and attempts to start a fight. He gets a few good hits in, the coven makes a hole in the water directly below the lifeboat, dropping it 100 feet and destroying it, knocking out Jennkig in the process.

The water rushes back in to the hole, the sea hags attempt to claim the bodies and souls of the party. Eldur continues his tactic, killing the leader of the hags, and bringing the attention of the other two onto him. They decide that Eldur must die for the death of their sister and wail on him for a bit, soon knocking him out as well.

Iliqua escapes, Misty and Zer0 must fight off the remaining hags, but also escape. Kirv disappears into a plot hole. Jennkig fails his last death save and dies, Eldur passes his death saves and survives, but is lost at sea and basically dead. End scene.