---
layout: post
title:  "Week 10"
date:   2021-04-15 17:00:00 +1200
categories: journal
---
Zer0 asks Mr Kneecaps about the symbol and Adeptus Prime, getting nothing useful. Sorrel stabs Mr Kneecaps, poisoning and killing him. Misty searches the body, finding the eponymous kneecaps, some keys and gold. Kirv searches the cleric finding a religious symbol to Kahili.

Iliqua searches the captains quarters - in a chest, clothing and some gems, in a cabinet, some writing materials.

Sorrel claims a battle memento from the cleric. Jaxzon searches the booty hold, finding some cash and scrolls (cure wounds, arms of hadar).

Sorrel disposes of the bodies in a somewhat gruesome manner, dissecting them and throwing the remains overboard.

The name of the ship (The Unfortunate Circumstance) is discovered, along with the deed now in Iliqua's possession.

Ethen is introduced to Jaxzon and Sorrel, a signing fee given. Plans to continue are discussed, but attempts to figure out where we are fail. A long rest is taken, a reef is avoided, the wheel is stabilized. Zer0 notices the stars are weird, coming to the conclusion that we have switched seas (Sea of Dreams to Sea of Dusk).

Zer0 adjusts the course based on advice from Iliqua. The party is awakened by the sudden shift in direction.

A thick fog envelops the ship, causing a grogginess among most of the party (Iliqua excepted). Creaking sounds come from within the fog, only Iliqua notices, but can't pinpoint it's location.

Zer0 and Misty dance, Sorrel plays some music, Jaxzon plays with the ship mounted ballista in a vaguely phallic manner, shooting a bolt out into nowhere damaging the ship. Iliqua starts drinking in exasperation, hearing voices.

A meeting is called by Iliqua, darkness made of fog is discovered at the bottom of the boat. Zer0 heads down into the bottom of the ship, Iliqua sends his Unseen Servant, after but loses connection. Zer0 returns apparently unscathed.

An investigation on the fog is done, a subtle increase is observed, 5 days until it reaches the top deck. A whisp is discovered coming from the back of the ship. An attempt to seal the bottom of the boat fails spectacularly.

A shallow spot is found, and the anchor is lowered. An attempt to set fire to the fog fails. A meeting is called by Iliqua, with some ground rules are discussed. Jaxzon commands Iliqua to silence, briefly.

Goals are discussed. Jaxzon is searching for his half brother. Misty is searching for her ship. Sorrel is trying to stop people from dying. Kirv is suspiciously silent. Zer0 is searching for Adeptus Prime, who or whatever that is. Iliqua is trying to improve his magical ability.

Ethen plays a song for the party, appearing to soothe and relax Kirv. Alcohol is distributed to most. Zer0 and Kirv observe the fog, Sorrel tries fishing, Jaxzon prepares the lifeboat with supplies. Iliqua attempts to figure out the fog.

Misty discovers a hidden part of the cabinet, with a simple trap. Inside is a treasure chest, containing gems and gold, a large vial of an unknown liquid, and wizard gear (scrolls etc). A robe but no hat.

A knocking sound comes from the fog, Kirv tests the fog and almost gets pulled in. The knocking continues in a pattern sounding like actual knocking (rather than footsteps). Misty tries to do things to the fog, Iliqua and Sorrel stop her from potential danger. Jaxzon spots another ship in the distance.

Zer0 attunes to his sword - must only fight honourably, if otherwise, attunement is lost to never be regained.