---
layout: post
title: Week 47
date: 2022-10-27 17:29 +1200
categories: journal
---
{% tldr "Introductions and missions, defending an outpost, and misplaced use of fire" %}

The pale man on the rock continues the slow clap "I am not a hallucination. I realise that is what a hallucination would say, but I am certainly here."

"We thought it would be harder to find you than this." says Iliqua.

"That's the thing about death, usually easier to find than you think." says the pale man.

Talk about missions and killing the Lith are conducted.

"Where is the nearest town from here, other than what is behind us?"

"Maybe a day's travel from here is a small military outpost."

"Would you like some advice? If you hear crying in the night, go looking for me..."

Jaxzon has a look around the camp and finds a small amount of coin, common health potions and basic weapons.

A brief discussion and the party head off toward the outpost. Walking along the path, the distinct lack of any life is evident. Shebrum wonders if the outpost, apparently unaffected by the pall of death, has made some kind of deal.

As the party continue, even the grass starts to die out. The ground becomes marshy, any trees are stripped of leaves and some of their bark. The outpost finally comes into view, Jaxzon has a look through his spyglass.

The outpost has a wooden pallisade surrounding several houses, with a large stone in the center. Pinkish light can be seen eminating from it.

Close enough for the watch guards to start talking to the gate guards, Jaxzon uses his divine sense - everything outside the outpost is very undead, the outpost itself seems Fey related.

The "door" is opened and the party is greeted by an elf "What brings you out into this hellscape?"

"My name is Garthen, nice to meet you all. Please come inside, rest up and have a chat. We may need your help tonight..."

"What is this place?" asks Iliqua.

"This is basically a satellite of the Phoenix Gate, unfortunately without any contingent of guards."

A green robed High Elf, a graduate of Life from the Academy, casts a spell and the gate closes behind the party. Around the large stone in the center, the pink light appears to be ethereal butterflies.

They all stop at one of the fire pits, seats are offered, as well as food. Garthen again asks the party why they're here. Jaxzon is volunteered to tell the story, gathering a small crowd during the telling.

Jaxzon asks about how the outpost has been spared and is told about the lodestone and it's effect on the undead - that they stay dead within the range of the lodestone. A short tour of the outpost is given by Garthen, near the back side is an armoury/blacksmith, as well as the usual military buildings.

Iliqua sits on the ground between two of the watchtowers along the north wall and brings forth the tower. Garthen offers to provide some soldiers for watch duty, the party decline saying they will be doing watches themselves.

The party ask about the attacks, how they come, how many, how big and so on. Defense tactics are discussed, and warnings about not using fire. Zombies, ghouls, varghulfs (flying horse sized things), and rarely varghouls.

"One thing we've noticed - you only turn undead if you die from undead attacks, normal attacks don't have this effect."

Jaxzon performs a short sermon, Shebrum heads to an outpost watchtower, Iliqua and Zer0 go to the armoury to see if bows are available. They meet a tundra dryad, some awkward moments occur, then longbows and arrows are acquired and they head back to the party tower.

Iliqua and Zer0 read their books, Jaxzon practices with the longbow, and Shebrum checks out some of the marshy puddles just outside of the outpost.

Garthen arrives with a couple of guards with bows to help out, then goes over the plan and how the attacks normally occur - horde mode with waves of ever stronger enemies.

The night comes with a purple mist that flows in and around the outpost. Things start moving from the marshy puddles and combat begins...

Initiative: Shebrum (20), Zer0 (20), Jaxzon (17), Zombies (14), Levi (11), LS (8), Ghouls (6), Iliqua (5)

--- ROUND ONE ---

Shebrum runs up to a zombie and hits with his rapier (7), and his psychic dagger (4).

Zer0 fires a couple of arrows at the same zombie hitting twice (8).

Jaxzon attacks the same zombie and hits twice killing it.

Several zombies shamble toward the walls, only one not needing to dash getting a critical hit on a guard (13).

Levi fires two arrows at once hitting twice (18), and a third time (12).

LS quickly switches weapons and strikes the zombie in front killing it. A second attack on a different zombie hits (2).

A few ghouls rush in and hits Shebrum (11)

Iliqua casts firebolt on a ghoul critically hitting (18). The purple mist flashes out when the firebolt hits and causes some damage to Shebrum as well.

--- ROUND TWO ---

The mist flows back in, then explodes again on contact with the burning ground doing some damage to Shebrum and Jaxzon.

Shebrum downs a greater healing potion (15), then retreats into his shell.

Zer0 fire a couple of arrows at a damaged ghoul, hitting twice (7).

Jaxzon uses Conquering Presence, frightening the zombies but not the ghouls.

Zombie misses LS, two others miss Jaxzon twice, another misses Shebrum, one hits an ally (3), one dashes up to the log entrance.

Levi fires more arrows (12 and 11), and a third at the zombie by the gate (5).

LS moves away from a zombie which scores an AOO, then attacks the gate zombie hitting twice (14).

One ghoul critically hits LS knocking him unconcious. Another ghoul misses Jaxzon, a third hits Shebrum (14).

Iliqua slides down the ladder, out of the tower up to the gate zombie and casts Booming Blade hitting and killing it.

--- ROUND THREE ---

The wall of the outpost starts smouldering slightly damaging the gate, with an explosion nearby killing a zombie.

Shebrum takes another potion.

Zer0 drops the longbow and leaps out of the tower, doing the superhero pose, moves into flanking with a ghoul, attacking twice almost killing it. Action surge and a third attack finishes it off. Moving to the next ghoul and kills it with the fourth attack. Then faces outward, trying to protect the fallen guard.

Jaxzon hits a nearby zombie twice.

A zombie misses Jaxzon in return, one enters the gate, a couple try attacking Shebrum but fail.

Levi again fires some arrows.

LS fails a death save.

The remaining ghoul tries to hit Shebrum but misses.

Iliqua tries to use Ray of Frost, but slips in the mud and misses, then puts out some of the burning bits.

To be continued...
