---
layout: post
title: Week 45
date: 2022-10-13 17:29 +1200
categories: journal
---
{% tldr "Secret meetings, tattoos and blacksmith requests" %}

Prince Erithis lands near the party and asks "What business have you with the Phoenix Gate?"

Zer0 responds that the party seek travel through the gate.

"We cannot let anything through the gate until the inner circle is purged of the evil that once. What proof do you have that you are not one of the enemy?"

Iliqua says "Ask the Ever Queen for any proof that we are not foes of yours."

Zer0 says "Or the Autumn Lord, we're good buddies having defeated Endo recently."

Jaxzon asks who the jester guy is. "He is a problem. A mad mage of Illustria. Currently he is stuck in the gray area, anyone we have sent over the line become entranced."

Erithis says "Your representative will come with me to the military section of the Phoenix Gate and we will sort out whether your claims are true."

Iliqua climbs upon the phoenix behind Erithis and they leave toward the Phoenix Gate.

Jaxzon prays to his goddess, Shebrum attunes to his new dagger, Zer0 tries to commune with his sword.

Erithis asks Iliqua what family he hails from, trying to figure out how to address him. Iliqua says he has no royalty that he's aware of, saying that he prefers to let his actions speak for him rather than his name.

"Why is the gate so big?" "Several gates were made to guard the inner areas against demons and devils."

The phoenix gate lands near the top of the tiers, in an opulent area. Erithis and Iliqua dismount. "You may not want to show me respect, but I'd suggest you do so to the Phoenix Guard."

Erithis knocks on a door, and both enter. "Noctallis will see you soon."

After a short while, they are both led up large sets of stairs, into a large warchamber. An odd looking High Elf, his skin looks very gray, almost ashen. Golden eyes, shoulder length black hair, black and red armour, and a massive great sword sheathed on his back.

"The Prince has told me that you claim to have stopped the threat."

"My party and myself request travel through the Phoenix Gate, as we have business on the other side. Yes, we did vanquish the being known as Endo, working with the Autumn Lord and his allies."

"I know some of this, I had some scouts to check out the track you would have taken. The hive that was left behind had strong traces of the corruption of Endo. Also Lady Alarielle has backed up your claims, though you can be a little reckless."

"I am willing to let you through the gate, though I need to confer with the Prince first." They both leave the room.

"Iliqua, it has been a long time since you reported in." A man with a white mask is suddenly in the room. "How goes your latest mission to ingratiate yourself with powerful people?"

"Not sure how well it's going - Lady Alarielle, the Autumn Lord and maybe a Phoenix Guard in Gaensvale?"

"We have a side mission for you - the Lith needs to be destroyed. We normally wouldn't ask this of you, but you have proven yourself well so far."

"Make contact with Thanato, recruit as many warriors from Nagarythe as you can, and kill the unkillable Lith."

"If we do this, and our 'friendship' with Thanato "

"You are being officially inducted into Shadow Walkers. This will gain you more information, such as who leads our group - The Rebellious King Alith Anar. From this moment on, any orders you will receive will be directly from him, though it will unlikely be in person."

Iliqua is handed a white mask, he tries it on, and feels his form shimmer, and his look changes to disguise his true look.

The main door opens again - "We will collect your party now, and take you all through the gates. Be aware that you will not be allowed back through again."
pie
Iliqua asks if he can view the Phoenix Gate teleportation circle, but is denied. "If you become trusted enough within the Guard, this information will be delivered to you."

Iliqua returns to the party - Prince Erithis casts a spell to enlarge the phoenix and enable the party to travel to the gate in one trip.

Iliqua asks about Natalie's sister, he's told that she died of natural causes around the same time as the release of Mournkeld.

The party head off to talk to the quartermaster - Jaxzon after spell components and healing potions. Zer0 hoping for some plate mail.

Some haggling around a crate of greater healing potions, the quartermaster willing to sell 12 of them for 5000gp. Zer0 asks about plate mail, the quartermaster directs him to talk to the blacksmith.

The blacksmith looks over Zer0, offers a good deal for a piece of him and 350 gold, plus a day of work, and a request to kill a bunch of undead. Zer0 takes some volcanic crab bits from a previous battle, and pays the blacksmith.

The rest of the party confer among themselves, and come up with a way to pay the quartermaster with a combination of gems, jewellery and gold.

Iliqua also goes to the blacksmith and asks for studded leather with some magic involved. Three versions are offered, normal, captain and general. The top tier offers extra battlefield abilities but cost ridiculous amounts.

Jaxzon sells the mithril teeth, Iliqua considers selling the mithril scales. Zer0 sits quietly and watches the blacksmith work, ready to be a model for fitting.

Shebrum, Iliqua and Jaxzon goes to talk to the tactician. A prim and proper office, a young clerk sits at a desk. Shebrum asks to see the tactician (Sir Lamlis), soon they are escorted within.

Shebrum asks for a ring or other item that can provide the blur effect. 4000 gold for a 3 per day cast of the spell, Shebrum opts to have the enchantment on a pair of boots.