---
layout: post
title: Week 42
date: 2022-09-08 17:29 +1200
categories: journal
---
{% tldr "The Hive attack continues" %}

Zer0 moves away from a maggot closer to Endo, and swings twice, connecting both times (21).

SD's moonbeam damages some maggots, and heals Shebrum.

--- ROUND SIX ---

Endo's true form causes a couple of the party to be stunned (Iliqua and Jaxzon). Endo then burrows underground, prompting an attack of opportunity from Zer0 (12), and returning to the surface around SD and Shebrum, ripping a piece of its body and throws it at Iliqua (11).

Shebrum tries to learn more about Endo - Infest Explosion, anyone within 10ft, Dex save or 3d12 damage. An attack from the inside hits (4), then tries to escape, then Misty Steps away, then moves behind a rock.

Iliqua is stunned. A martial check gets information on sight - 20ft tremorsense.

Jaxzon is also stunned, but can move his SW, swinging and missing. His GE also moves, and also misses with a couple of attacks. A martial check gets more information - under 50% health, will scatter and attempt to reform. Any parts that make it back gain him 10% regeneration.

Zer0 moves closer to Endo again and takes another couple of swings, hitting once (15).

SD gets more bleed damage, and tries to escape, but can't make it. Casts cure wounds to heal himself back to full health.

Maggots inside the moonbeam all die.

--- ROUND SEVEN ---

Jaxzon is unstunned. Endo moves and explodes damaging Zer0, Jaxzon and the GE (19).

Shebrum moves his psychic dagger and tries to hit - misses with the first and hits with the other (21). Another martial check gets Insectoid Slam, 2d12 damage.

Iliqua activates Bladesong and casts Firebolt (15). A martial check gets info that Endo is not a spell caster, therefore no counterspell.

Jaxzon moves up and takes a couple of swings - missing once, and critically hitting the other (58 with smite). A hit from SW (10), and a couple of slam attacks from GE (18).

Zer0 gets a health level with a martial check (30%). He then dashes out of Endo into a nearby bog (19), and uses his last special healing (16) and walks out pulling the finger on Endo.

SD finally escapes the confines of Endo, then runs further away around a bog, and moves his moonbeam over Endo.

--- ROUND EIGHT ---

Zer0 is again stunned, but others succeed. Endo moves again, an attack of opportunity from GE hits (8), and another explosion occurs (13). This also damages Endo and a split occurs.

A maggot tries to attack Zer0 but misses, MS hits GE, and maggots hit Jaxzon, but miss Iliqua.

Shebrum asks SD to freeze the bog water, but SD only offers Ray of Frost. A martial check fails, so he attacks a piece of Endo with his psychic dagger (24), then throws a dagger which misses.

Iliqua moves closer to a piece, casts Green Flame Blade which hits (8), causing a small amount of damage to nearby maggots (2). A martial check gets some basic knowledge - one vulnerability to force damage in the smaller forms. A second attack does more to the piece (8), then moves around the piece away from the maggots (AOO misses). Aganazzar's Scorcher procs and hits maggot and piece (10).

Jaxzon finds out that Endo is an aberration, casts Protection from Evil and Good. SW moves to a piece and crits (25). GE slams a maggot swarm and crits (32).

Zer0 is stunned, but succeeds on a martial check on Endo prime for health level (50%). Standard fighter Second Wind used, 9 health restored.

SD casts Ray of Frost, but misses critically and hits Jaxzon instead (10).

--- ROUND NINE ---

Zer0 remains stunned, Shebrum and Iliqua joins him, Jaxzon succeeds. Endo reforms, and attacks Jaxzon, missing once, hitting once (17), and swallows him.

Shebrum moves his psychic dagger and hits (10).

Iliqua is stunned, a martial check gets knowledge about extra unhealable damage (45).

Jaxzon uses his full Lay on Hands (30 health), and tries to escape but fails. SW hits (10), GE slams (5).

Zer0 is stunned.

SD moves near Zer0 and casts Enhance Ability (advantage on Wisdom checks)

--- ROUND TEN ---

Zer0, Iliqua and SD succeed against stun, Shebrum and Jaxzon fail.

Maggots attack SD (miss), Iliqua (miss), GE (hit and miss).

Shebrum is stunned, a martial check gets Subsume ability - starting a turn inside and failing a constitution check gains 1d4 bleed.

Iliqua uses a martial check to get vulnerabilities - none in true form. An attack on a maggot misses, so he moves away (AOO misses), and casts Firebolt at SD to stop the bleed (succeeds). Uses last Spellweaver sword charge to cast False Life and gains 5 health.

Jaxzon is stunned. SW misses, GE hits twice (17).

Zer0 moves up to Endo, taking a hit from a maggot, gets flanking with GE. First attack crits (18), second attack also crits (18). Action surge and two more attacks hit (19).

SD casts Inflict Wounds on a maggot, but misses.

--- ROUND ELEVEN ---

SD is stunned, all others succeed. Endo smashes GE with a crit (28) and normal hit (19), then Subsumes Zer0.

Shebrum runs into Endo and tries to find Jaxzon, pulling out all of the torches, which causes Endo to push him out again. He throws a torch to Iliqua, who lets it drop.

Iliqua moves up to Endo (maggot AOO misses) and casts Booming Blade, hitting once (5) and misses, then moves away again (Endo AOO hits (18)), and drinks a health potion.

Jaxzon remains inside, a martial check gets post fight information that Endo cast a spell to make the bugs big. A couple of attacks hit (15 and 13). SW misses, GE slams Endo (6).

Zer0 dashes outside (14), takes a healing potion (17) then moves back into the fray.

SD can't do anything.

To be continued again...
