---
layout: post
title: Week 40
date: 2022-08-25 17:29 +1200
categories: journal
---
{% tldr "Preparations for war, deals made, and deals denied" %}

Shebrum is finally introduced to the Autumn Lord, and receives a small brown item that looks like a more solid leaf. This gives him the option to cast Misty Step once per day and charm up to 2 creatures (Autumn Eladrin ability).

He also passes a package to Iliqua and says "Do not open this until the time is right - you'll know when."

Jaxzon speaks and asks the Autumn Lord to fix his lion's injury. This is denied because the Autumn Lord is unwilling to go against another demigod. He suggests asking another of the gods for help.

Shebrum dances around asking for help with his addiction, until Jaxzon blurts out the problem. The Autumn Lord thinks a short while, then reaches out and touches Shebrum, curing him.

"You may now leave my court, and explore my lands. I will let you know when the attack is ready to commence."

The party head out with their chaperone (Sir Bearington), offered a place to rest, food to eat. He is asked for the trading area, and Jaxzon wants somewhere to spar.

The party are taken to a cave, going deeper they pass by a mess hall, and barracks, plus weirdly an internal forest. Eventually they are taken to a rest area, Jaxzon settles in to attune to his shield, Shebrum sleeps, Iliqua heads out to find writing implements, Zer0 attempts to contact Adeptus Prime.

It takes a while, but Iliqua does find an actual shop, offering some religious jewellery and getting 200 gold of paper/ink.

Zer0 sits down to meditate, getting contact with the room Adeptus works in. A large white room with a dias. He has a conversation with him about extending his life force, being told to hunt out one of the original Dwarven Artificers, as they may be able to provide tools to help.

Jaxzon attunes to his shield, then searches for someone to make him a set of knuckle dusters. An old Satyr, asks for a favour in return for making them. Jaxzon tries to ask his goddess for help, but gets no response. The favour asked is borrowing Jaxzon's lion until the next sunrise (about 3 months away).

Jaxzon asks his lion, who agrees readily because Jaxzon is his master. Jaxzon agrees with the exception that it's only for transport. The Satyr creates a set of wooden knuckle dusters that are slightly magical.

Iliqua hunts around for an armourer, quickly finding someone in the main area. A large stone table, with an Eladrin weaving leaves and vines together. He asks what he can make, whether it's magical and what kind of enchantments he knows (tree stride, freedom of movement, etc)

The Eladrin rubs his fingers together and flicks a dart like object at Iliqua, which pierces through his armour easily. The conversation continues, Iliqua asking for armour, the Eladrin wanting a deal. Iliqua leans in close and teases the sight of the Book of Negash - the Eladrin reacts and says Iliqua should leave immediately taking the evil book with him.

Zer0 long rests with Shebrum and Iliqua while Jaxzon heads to the barracks to test out his abilities. He asks for an opponent to spar against in an attempt to loosen the muscles, with the barrack commander rising to the challenge.

Jaxzon activates stoneskin and battle commences - BS (17), Jaxzon (11).

--ROUND ONE--

BS walks closer, tapping his halberd on the floor casting an illusion of roots coming out of the ground. He halts nearby and waits.

Jaxzon casts Shield of Faith and moves closer, deflecting an attack from the commander, returning with an attack of his own and a Divine Smite (21 damage). A second attack critically hits (25 damage).

--ROUND TWO--

The commander backs off and attacks (10 damage) but an attempt to disarm fails. He steps further away.

Jaxzon closes in, again deflecting an attack, then strikes critically with his knuckle dusters adding another Smite (20 damage). A second attack misses, and he brings out his Spiritual Weapon which hits (13 damage).

--ROUND THREE--

The commander tries again to disarm which fails, then backs away prompting an opportunity attack - Jaxzon loses his grip on his axe, throwing it next to the commander. A couple of attacks hit, followed by another two (action surge) does a moderate amount of damage.

Jaxzon moves in again, the commander again misses. His first attack hits (7 damage), but the second misses. The knuckle duster effect finally occurs, preventing the commander from moving. An attack from his Spiritual Weapon also hits. He asks if the commander has had enough, but is denied.

--ROUND FOUR--

The commander pushes Jaxzon ten feet away, but can't do anything more because Jaxzon is now out of reach. Decides to use second wind to regain some health (17 healed).

Jaxzon tries to move closer, but the commander finally hits with his sentinel attack stopping the movement. Using his other axe, he casts Shatter (10 damage), plus another SW attack (10 damage).

--ROUND FIVE--

The commander responds to the use of magic by using Nature Smite (flavoured Eldritch Smite), which causes Jaxzon to take a knee.

--END COMBAT--

Jaxzon is healed up, then is offered a potion, being told to drink it before battle. He finally heads off to bed.

Some time later, all but Jaxzon are awake. A conversation between the three recounting the previous days events, with the sounds of general movement outside.

Shebrum heads out to try and find a ranged weapon of some kind. It takes a while, but he finds the same Satyr that Jaxzon found, resting on his lion. Shebrum asks about the lion being told it's just a form of transport. He asks for a crossbow with a small enchantment on it, and is asked for a reduction in dexterity for a day or two in return.

Shebrum offers the Potion of Race Change instead, but the Satyr refuses, and counters with a reduction in a skill. Shebrum declines and asks for a simple gold trade, the Satyr again asks for a favour, but Shebrum declines again and heads back to the rest area.

Zer0 gets in some practice to prepare, while Iliqua tries to find a library to  wait until called. He looks for information on the Shrine of Kaane, but doesn't find anything new.

Sir Bearington arrives and warns that battle is happening soon, and preparations should be made. Jaxzon has his deal explained by Iliqua, which causes him to rush off and confront the Satyr. The conversation is brief, the lion gets a hug and Jaxzon transfers a bunch of warding stones to his stasis bag, then leaves in a huff.

Final preparations for battle are made, to be continued next week...
