---
layout: post
title: Week 48
date: 2022-11-10 17:29 +1200
categories: journal
---
{% tldr "Horde Mode continues" %}

Initiative: Shebrum (20), Zer0 (20), Jaxzon (17), Zombies (14), Levi (11), LS (8), Ghouls (6), Iliqua (5)

Iliqua puts out the last of the fire and disappears into his tower.

---ROUND FOUR ---

Shebrum waits.

Zer0 moves to a good spot and sword dashes through a couple of zombies and the remaining ghoul, then moves again to a flanking position on the ghoul for Jaxzon.

Jaxzon whacks the zombie in front of him (13), destroying it, then moves up to the aforementioned ghoul, hitting it (15) but doesn't destroy it.

A zombie misses Zer0, another misses Shebrum.

Levi shoots and destroys a zombie, then repeats the process with the last zombie.

LS fails a second death save.

The ghoul hits Jaxzon (6), but he avoids the poison. A second attack misses Zer0.

--- ROUND FIVE ---

Shebrum pops out of his shell, stands up, and stabs the ghoul (17) and destroys it.

Zer0 picks up LS and takes him to the healer.

--- COMBAT ENDED ---

The rest of the party head to the healer behind Zer0. In the tent is an examination table, and several cushions. Zer0 hands LS off to the healer, who uses a series of pressure points to heal him.

Jaxzon polishes his armour, Zer0 heads to the gate to look out for the next wave, Shebrum heads to the party tower and chats to Levi who gives some pointers, Iliqua continues to cower inside.

The city guard do their wave, succeeding in keeping the attacks at bay.

Initiative for wave two (wights) - SH (21), Wights (20), Shebrum (16), Zer0 (15), Levi (7), Jaxzon (6), LS (5)

--- ROUND ONE ---

The mist again bubbles and roils. Levi shoots a light arrow up to show the wights and a large blue transparent creature.

SH moves around in the dark.

The wights do the same and all fire arrows - one misses, one hits Shebrum (5 with uncanny dodge), two on LS (13), one on Jaxzon (9), two miss Zer0, two miss Levi, the last two miss Zer0 and Jaxzon.

Shebrum manifests his psychic blade, first attack misses, second one hits (5).

Zer0 moves to where a wight shot from and attacks twice (30).

Levi shoots the wight (11), misses a second, then hits a third (9).

Jaxzon gets his rub on (gleaming oil), then moves closer to the dim area.

LS plants his shield into the ground then shoots a wight (9).

--- ROUND TWO ---

Shadow Horror moves into the light then flashes everyone - Zer0, Levi and LS fail (28), Jaxzon (14), Shebrum uncanny evades (7) then disappears. LS falls unconcious again.

A wight misses Zer0, a second wight moves nearer to Zer0 and misses. Two miss Zer0, two miss Jaxzon, two miss Shebrum, one hits Levi (5).

Shebrum throws a psychic blade at where the Shadow Horror was, missing. A second throw at a wight also misses.

Zer0 hits and destroys a wight, turns to the other one, critically misses with the GWM bonus attack, then hits (12).

Levi shoots a wight (12), shoots a second (9) then hits the first again (6).

Jaxzon moves to flank with Zer0 and hits the wight twice (19), destroying it, then drinks a potion (4).

LS makes a death save.

--- ROUND THREE ---

Shadow Horror breathes near Jaxzon and misses with a bite, then disappears again. A claw attack hits Zer0 (15), another claw attack hits Jaxzon (20) and he is frightened of it. Zer0 yells out that SH is between him and Jaxzon.

A wight misses Jaxzon, two shoot Shebrum (8), two miss Jaxzon, two miss Zer0, one hits Levi (4).

Shebrum hits SH with his psychic dagger (22) and misses critically with a second, hitting Zer0 (6).

Zer0 hits SH with one attack (10), misses with a second, and uses second wind (12).

Jaxzon hits with divine smite (11 + 48 radiant (vulnerable!)), hits without smite (13 + 10 radiant), and drinks another potion (5).

Levi shoots a wight (5), misses a second.

LS passes another death save.

--- ROUND FOUR ---

SH misses Jaxzon with a bite, hits with a claw (13), misses Zer0, and disappears again.

A wight reaches out and touches Jaxzon (3), then misses with its longsword. Other wights miss Jaxzon, miss Shebrum, one hits Zer0 (4), two hit Levi (12).

Shebrum holds an attack for when SH attacks.

Zer0 moves to flank a wight with Jaxzon, hitting twice (22) destroying it, then moves and misses another wight.

Levi heals himself with cure wounds (21!).

Jaxzon drinks a greater potion (20).

LS fails a death save.

--- ROUND FIVE ---

SH bites Zer0 (21), and rushes away, Zer0 hits with an AOO (11), almost killing it. Shebrum's held attack hits (14) finally killing it.

A wight hits Zer0 (7) knocking him unconcious. Two miss Jaxzon, two miss Shebrum, one hits Levi (7).

Shebrum misses a wight twice then jumps out of the tower, rolling with the landing and moves up next to Jaxzon.

Zer0 passes a death save.

Levi hits two wights (12 and 8).

Jaxzon moves to Zer0 and applies a common healing potion (6), then moves up to a wight.

LS critically fails a death save, dying.

--- ROUND SIX ---

A wight moves to flank Jaxzon and misses twice, another wight misses. Other wights miss Jaxzon and Shebrum.

Shebrum moves to flank with Jaxzon and stabs a wight (20), and stabs again (6).

Zer0 stands up and uses second wind (13) and then flanks with Jaxzon, but only hitting once (17).

Levi misses once, and critically hits (5).

Jaxzon hits a wight (12), and hits again (5) destroying it.

--- ROUND SEVEN ---

A wight moves and misses Zer0, other wights miss Shebrum, and miss Zer0.

Shebrum moves into a group of wights to flank with Zer0 and hits (12) and hits again (8).

Zer0 hits (16) and kills a wight, moves into flanking with Shebrum on another and hits twice (27).

Jaxzon moves up to the same wight and headbutts it twice (8), destroying it.

Levi shoots the last wight (5).

--- ROUND EIGHT ---

Wight misses Shebrum.

Shebrum hits it in return (4), then misses.

Zer0 moves to flank the last wight, missing the first attack, but hitting the second (12).

Jaxzon headbutts the last wight, destroying it too.

--- COMBAT ENDED ---
