---
layout: post
title: Week 44
date: 2022-09-29 17:29 +1200
categories: journal
---
{% tldr "Travel to the Phoenix Gate, experiments and a bone of contention within the party is uncovered." %}

Discussions about where the party wish to be transported - the Autumn Lord says he can take them to the border of Avelorn and Ellyrion, but no further. Jaxzon goes to say farewell to his lion.

"One last warning - avoid most of Ellyrion, I don't believe you have the means to survive taking on Xeno at this stage. Don't be too quick to judge Thanato, the next phobia you're likely to meet."

Iliqua suggests that Jaxzon ask The Autumn Lord how to get rid of the thing that is causing corruption in the bag of stasis. "Return to the Material Plane as see if its magic still exists, now that Endo has been vanquished. Perhaps it is just a normal item now?"

The party follow the Autumn Lord out of the cave to a large, gnarled tree. He effectively casts a tree travel spell and the party move through - ending up at the specified location, a few days travel out of the Phoenix Gate.

Looking around, the previous masses of maggots and other insects are no longer visible. A giant fortress can be seen straddling the peaks of two mountains to the north, a couple of days travel away.

Jaxzon takes the chest containing the seed of Endo out of the stasis bag, and places it on the ground some distance away. Iliqua summons URA, who is then directed to open the chest. A command to close the chest to test the seed's power succeeds with no adverse effects.

Iliqua casts False Life and walks closer, commanding URA to open the chest again. Something in Iliqua's bag starts to pulsate and vibrate as he steps forward. A close look seems to indicate that it has become dormant. He sits down, and touches the seed to try and identify it - the touch imparts a deep and profound feeling of disgust, but nothing else happens.

Iliqua asks Jaxzon to pray for help with identifying the seed - she knows what it is, but declines to explain it. Jaxzon tests the rotting effect, and finding it no longer in effect, returns the seed to the stasis bag.

Iliqua looks around for a mantis, points it out to Jaxzon, who promptly squishes it. Some of the party want track down Natalie - Zer0 would prefer to move forward, stating that the party has done enough walking backwards already.

Eventually the party start heading toward the Phoenix Gate, discussing options to be done with Natalie. Looking ahead, the path to the Gate looks strange - gray and dull on one side, verdant and alive on the other.

Some time later, corpses of some large insects can be seen, some of them harvested for parts. Funeral pyres, a lot of other corpses, horse and elfin alike. The occasional Ellyrion soldier is seen staring at the mountains, standing on the gray side of the path, ignoring any attempt by the party to converse.

Jaxzon is convinced to throw a rock at one of the soliders - this hits and bounces off, and still no reaction. Iliqua sits down to recast URA, Shebrum throws a psychic knife at a soldier, but misses. Shooting an arrow does hit and does draw blood, but still no reaction.

Iliqua sends URA over the boundary, who then turns into a naked man. This man then says "I'm free!" and runs off. Shebrum shoots and arrow at the man, hitting critically and killing him instantly. The body soon dissipates into a gray mist.

A second cast of URA has a similar effect, this time a goblin appears. A second shot from Shebrum hits and once again kills it, the body dissapates. A third cast and command to cross the border doesn't have the same effect - Iliqua feels the spell effect detach and he cannot sense URA any more.

Iliqua suddenly gets attacked by something invisible. A second attack also makes contact, Iliqua tries to return the favour and hits. A battle commences...

--- ROUND ONE ---

Iliqua activates Bladesong, which means another attack from the invisible creature misses.

Shebrum tries to spot the creature, then holds his action to attack anything that tries to attack him, and moves closer to other party members.

Iliqua moves and hold's a casting of Booming Blade for the same reason as Shebrum.

Zer0 stares toward the Phoenix Gate and does nothing.

Jaxzon activates Stoneskin and waits.

--- ROUND TWO ---

A couple of attacks on Iliqua miss.

Shebrum tries to spot the creature, noticing some grass nearby swirling. He moves closer and hits with his rapier. A strike with his psychic blade also hits.

Iliqua steps up and into flanking with Shebrum, hitting with Booming Blade. A second attack also hits.

Zer0 continues to stare into the distance.

Jaxzon activates his fear aura, the creature fails a check and is frightened and frozen in place.

--- ROUND THREE ---

An attack against Iliqua misses, a second one critically misses causing it to stumble and move, procing Booming Blade.

Shebrum connects critically with his psychic dagger, and again normally.

Iliqua critically hits with Booming Blade, killing the creature (Invisible Stalker).

--- COMBAT ENDED ---

Zer0 states "Enough with your silly games." The others stare briefly but continue to talk about further experiments.

Shebrum ties a rope into a lasso and Jaxzon pulls an Ellyrion soldier to their side. Zer0 moves up and watches Jaxzon, ready to defend the soldier against any attacks.

Iliqua finds out that the soldiers are under the effects of Maze and Soul Cage. An attempt to get a second solider misses.

Iliqua taunts Jazxon about his missing lion again.

Zer0 makes an ultimatum - return the armour to the soldier or he leaves. The party eventually agrees and the soldier is returned to the gray side. Soon travel continues toward The Phoenix Gate.

Within an hour of the Gate, the valley starts to widen and the size of the wall and gate can be truly seen. The gate is closed, but other defensive measures are also seen.

The gray divide ends before the earthen ramparts. A discussion about what to do, and calling up Iliqua's tower and the party enter, preparing to make the final stretch to the Phoenix Gate.

Jaxzon heads up to the top of the tower and has a look around - an enormous black, stick like creature can be seen lurking near the mountains on the gray side. The fortress has a lot of dead insects, with scorched and frozen land. The gray side nearby has a lot of entranced soldiers, near the corner of the divide a jester like person can be seen hopping from foot to foot.

Iliqua and Zer0 discuss the change in Zer0 regarding the defending of those who cannot defend themselves and the threat he gave. Food is ate by those that can eat, and the party discuss how to prove themselves as allies to the Phoenix Guard.

Watches are agreed upon, Jaxzon, Shebrum, Iliqua then Zer0. First watch passes without activity. Second watch passes the same. Third watch passes quietly, though groups of troops are mobilizing and something large moves down the ramparts, picks something up and moves back up. Fourth watch has the same sights, but also something large and blue flies down to pick something up, then heads towards the tower.

Iliqua sends a message "Apologies for the early message, I'm sure you're awake anyway. We met Sebarath and defeated Endo just the four of us. You're welcome, thanks, bye."

"It's alright, I've transcended the need for sleep. I have noticed that the corruption has subsided. I'm glad to hear that you are alive, I will contact you soon."

Zer0 rouses the party and points out the approaching creature. As it gets closer, it can be seen to be a phoenix carrying an elf. It stops nearby, "I'm Prince Erithis from Cothique, who are you and what do you want?"