---
layout: post
title: Week 46
date: 2022-10-20 17:29 +1200
categories: journal
---
{% tldr "Final bits of shopping, tempting fate and a first encounter with the dead" %}

Jaxzon wanders off to get his tattoo, asking for a strength increase, or better hit or damage chance. The tattoo artist quotes him 4000 gold, which gives Jaxzon some pause, though he does agree. He also gets another in the shape of his holy symbol on the other arm.

Shebrum considers his options, looking for damage boosts or adding elemental damage types, but the attunement requirement - as well as the cost - is a turn off.

Zer0 continues to hang out with the blacksmith waiting for his armour.

Jaxzon goes to sell his old shield, getting 1500 gold for it.

Iliqua, Shebrum and Jaxzon head to a pub or the rough equivalent. An open air place with a makeshift counter made of barrels. Iliqua scans the crowd for admin type people - most of the customers are basic soldiers.

They find a table in a corner, and talk amongst themselves, watch the patrons and drink. Jazxon tries to subtly show off his new tattoos, while Iliqua makes sure that there are no eavesdroppers.

Iliqua outlines a plan to find more information about the teleportation circle within the Phoenix Gate without alerting the people that have already denied him access.

Shebrum offers to forge a letter that would grant Iliqua access to the circle. Jazxon continues to drink, even taking the tankards of the others, suddenly face planting on the table, and starts snoring.

Iliqua goes to explain the situation to Zer0, asking him to come and essentially babysit Jazxon. In the meantime, Shebrum shaves some of Jaxzon's hair, getting some attention from some soldiers. Zer0 arrives with Iliqua and sits next to Jaxzon, making sure he doesn't choke on his vomit. Zer0 reads the survival book while he waits.

Iliqua and Shebrum leave to try and find out where the teleportation circle might be. Some of the places they attempt to access are heavily guarded and they are denied entry. They do find a building with the occasional blue flash that is most likely their target.

Iliqua talks to the guard outside, offering wine, which is declined. He asks to be tested for demonic corruption, getting a slight hint of such. Iliqua gets the guard to test Shebrum, the result is even less corruption.

Iliqua asks if he can be allowed inside, the guard offers to ask his captain first. Shebrum waits with the remaining guard, as Iliqua walks around the building, essentially casing the joint.

Iliqua continues to offer wine to the remaining guard, trying to convince them to let him inside. The guard finally relents offering to look the other way for a few seconds. Shebrum reaches out and touched the forcefield by the door and is paralyzed, taking a bunch of shock damage. Iliqua points and laughs.

The guard sees what is happening, and pulls Shebrum out, but not before taking another chunk of shock damage, and lots of alarms go off. The original guard rushes back, with his captain and the Phoenix Guard Captain.

The captain confronts Iliqua about not being allowed, Iliqua argues against it, and tries to prevent the guard from being court martialled. The guard captain removes the paralysis from Shebrum, then orders an escort to take them to the manor.

Back to Zer0 and Jaxzon, a lot of the soldiers "accidentally" spilling alcohol on him. A guard arrives and updates them on the situation, helping Zer0 take Jaxzon to the manor.

At the manor, Shebrum sets up the telepathy system, and Iliqua pretends to read while they wait. They continue to scheme about getting inside the building. Zer0 and Jaxzon arrive, dumping the latter on a nearby couch.

Zer0 reads more of his book then shuts down. Shebrum goes straight to bed. Iliqua reads his book while sitting with Jaxzon, who eventually regains consciousness. Jaxzon goes to clean up, cures the alcohol poison and heads to bed.

The next morning, Shebrum apologises to the guard in the manor, finding out the guard who they tricked the previous night is getting court-martialled.

The rest of the party awake and head downstairs, Prince Erithis is waiting for them, and in a grumpy mood. The party apologise and have breakfast. Zer0 goes to the blacksmith to get his armour and start the integration process.

The rest of the party are taken to guard from the night before. Iliqua talks to him using Message to keep the guard from coming after the party and leaves. Shebrum asks what the guard wants and is told that a months wages will suffice.

The party eventually are escorted to the gate, Zer0 looking badass in his new armour. The guard captain wishes the party well in the near future, pitying anyone that has to deal with them.

The gate opens slowly to show a large valley. A large distance away, green grass turns stark white. Welcome to Nagarythe.

Jaxzon prays to his goddess and the party bemoan the lack of mounts as they head off on foot. Some time later they make it to where the grass changes colour - seemingly having the life drained from it.

Stepping over the boundary, things start to feel "wrong". Some rocks look like they're melting, and a stale odor hangs in the air. Several hours later, they come to the end of the valley.

A small encampment is spotted near the road, looking fairly normal with the hint of a fire. As the party near the tents, a pulse emanates from them and Jaxzon picks up several undead beings within.

Zer0 and Jaxzon walk up making as much noise as possible while Iliqua and Shebrum stay in the shadows, with Iliqua casting invisibility. No reaction from the camp, Jaxzon checks out the fire, finding remnants of cooked food.

Shebrum and Iliqua note that each tent has a slit in the back. Jaxzon opens a tent with his lance, noting the body has a slashed throat, then it suddenly moves...

(Initiative - Wights 19, Jaxzon 15, Iliqua 13, Shebrum 8, Zer0 3)

--- ROUND ONE ---

A wight near Jaxzon reaches out to touch him, failing once but critically hitting the second (14). Several others move up to Jaxzon and Zer0.

Two others hit and critically hit (8) Jaxzon, then two others attack Zer0 (8).

Jaxzon activates his tattoo, then hits with his axe and a divine smite (32), and the same again (25) destroying it.

Iliqua activates Bladesong and moves up and through the tent to get flanking with Jaxzon. Casts Booming Blade and hits twice (23).

Shebrum moves between a couple of tents and apparates his psychic dagger, then attacks a wight (11).

Zer0 attacks a wight and misses twice.

--- ROUND TWO ---

A wight tries to touch Iliqua, missing critically then makes contact with a second attempt (4).

Another wight runs at Shebrum and tries to touch, hitting with one attack (3).

Two attack Zer0 with only one hitting (4). The last two attack Jaxzon and miss.

Jaxzon hits once (30) and twice (26), both with divine smite, destroying another one.

Iliqua exits the tent through the back, and goes through another one to once again get flanking with Jaxzon. Casts Booming Blade again, but misses. A normal attack also misses.

Shebrum attacks the wight in front of him with his psychic dagger and misses, then hits (23).

Zer0 attacks the same wight again with Fighting Spirit, missing once and hitting with the second attack (15).

--- ROUND THREE ---

Several attacks on Jaxzon (9) and Iliqua (0), and Shebrum (0).

Jaxzon hits a wight twice with another divine smite (32) and without (13), destroying a third.

Iliqua moves around to flank with Zer0 and casts Green Flame Blade and hits (19), with the nearby wight getting a small bit of splash damage (3). A second normal attack also hits (9).

Shebrum hits his wight (18) and destroys it, moves his psychic dagger to another wight and hits (5).

Zer0 hits (12) and destroys one, then moves to flank again, then hits again (11).

--- ROUND FOUR ---

The last wight hits Iliqua (7), then misses due to Iliqua casting Shield.

Jaxzon grapples the last wight.

Iliqua removes the wights hand, and "converses" with the wight who rants about dark elves. Jaxzon rips the head off, and the party hears a slow clap from the road.

A man is sitting on a rock, with black eyes, congratulates the party in a condescending manner...

