---
layout: post
title: Week 43
date: 2022-09-22 17:29 +1200
categories: journal
---
{% tldr "The Hive attack concludes, a feast is had, a bond explained and a level gained" %}

--- ROUND TWELVE ---

Endo attacks the GE and kills it, the resulting explosion does little damage due to a successful save. Jaxzon doesn't save and also takes this damage. Endo then burrows and emerges under SD, taking Jaxzon along for the ride.

Shebrum pokes himself with a torch a couple of times to cure the bleed effect.

Iliqua closes in on a maggot, slashes and kills it, and casts Firebolt at Endo (15). Moves back to the torch on the ground.

Jaxzon drinks a potion of Bear Strength and manages to escape Endo's insides. A couple of punches hit once critically (12) and prevents Endo from moving. Trying to get a torch brings an attack of opportunity (18) and almost kills Jaxzon.

Zer0 moves closer then uses his last sword dash to end up inside Endo (10).

SD fails his check, and fails to escape again. He places his hands on Zer0 and casts Thunderwave, pushing Zer0 back outside.

--- ROUND THIRTEEN ---

Endo throws a piece of itself at Shebrum, hitting (13) and knocking him out.

Shebrum succeeds his first death save (1). A critical faith check temporarily brings Bruken to the battlefield. Bruken rages and strikes recklessly, hitting once (18). He screams at Endo.

Iliqua moves closer and casts Firebolt on Jaxzon to cure the bleed, but taking him to unconciousness anyway. Iliqua grabs a healing potion with the intent of using it next time, shifting a torch closer for protection.

Jaxzon fails a death save.

Zer0 moves into flanking with Bruken, hits a couple of times (17) and swigs the last healing potion (16).

SD gets closer to death and the party can feel the protection against the fear he provided fade. Casts cure wounds on himself, then attempts to escape but fails again.

--- ROUND FOURTEEN ---

Endo hits Bruken (15) but otherwise stays put.

Shebrum succeeds a second death save.

Iliqua feeds a healing potion to Jaxzon (22), the commands him to get stuck back in, and grabs a potion from Shebrum.

Jaxzon gets up, steps up to Endo and hits twice (11 and 10 damage respectively), once again stopping it from moving.

Zer0 takes another couple of swings, hitting twice (19 total).

SD takes more bleed damage and once again fails to escape. A sad look on his face, he pops something mind altering and sits down, accepting his death.

--- ROUND FIFTEEN ---

Endo explodes and hits Jaxzon (9) and Zer0 (19).

Shebrum fails a death save (2-1).

Iliqua feeds a healing potion to Shebrum (13).

Jaxzon misses once and hits once (11), but fails to keep Endo from moving.

Zer0 takes another couple of swings, hitting twice (25 total).

SD falls unconcious.

--- ROUND SIXTEEN ---

Endo burrows and subsumes Jaxzon, taking an attack of opportunity from Zer0 (12).

Shebrum attacks and misses twice, and drinks a healing potion (8).

Iliqua casts Fireball hitting Endo (15), SD (2 death saves) and Jaxzon (15). Jaxzon's fall to unconciousness brings Thor through the soul magic for 3 rounds.

Jaxzon fails a couple of death saves. Thor takes a swing with a battleaxe (26).

Zer0 steps up and misses once, then hits and finally kills Endo - "Time to end Endo by putting the end of my sword into it!". The black energy at its core flares and fades, all of the bugs return to normal size, the Hive crumbles and the clouds part to bring the sun out.

Shebrum heals SD, saving him from death. Iliqua asks who Thor is, wondering if he's the human form of Endo. He pulls out his healers kit and uses it critically on Jaxzon, bringing him back from the dead, but taking Thor back to his own dimension.

--- COMBAT ENDS ---

Jaxzon asks SD for healing but gets a mushroom in return. Iliqua works on hyping up SD, getting him to believe that he dealt the final blow.

While the party relaxes, with wine being passed around, Sir Bearington arrives into the pit. He picks up the party, and invites everyone to a feast, and returns to the Feywild. Along the way, the party is all healed to full health.

A large banquet table is laid out with lots of food. The Autumn Lord speaks to the party "I congratulate you all on your success." SD proclaims the orangeness of the Autumn Lord in typical fashion.

Iliqua asks if Natalie still survives, the Autumn Lord mentions that his scouts last saw her writing in pain, having lost her connection to Endo.

Jaxzon asks for his lion back, the Autumn Lord manages to get the time reduced to a month.

The rest of the party continue to celebrate, Zer0 steps away and tries to commune with his sword. Within his mind, a bridge over stream is seen, with another Warforged on the other side (the "soul" of the sword). Zer0 steps closer and bows deeply, asking for some aid to further his connection to the weapon. "There are three steps to forge the bond. First with strength, second with mind, third with soul. You have proved your strength in combat. Solidify your path, find your purpose and you may achieve the next step."

"I thank you for your advice and look forward to continuing our partnership." He bows deeply again and severs the connection.

Jaxzon prays to his goddess, proclaiming the battle to have been glorious. She agrees and sends him back with thanks.

LEVEL 7 BABY, YEAH.