---
layout: post
title:  "Week 35"
date:   2022-07-14 17:00:00 +1200
categories: journal
---
{% tldr "The battle continues but spells the end of one... or does it?" %}

The fight continues...

Iliqua casts False Life and activates his boots.

Jaxzon attempts to leap over some pirates, getting whacked with a stick from the FM, and is grabbed by another forcing him prone. He stands up, steps back (taking another hit) and hurls his lightning javelin at a ballistae in the distance, hitting three pirates and the captain on the way. One pirate dies, the captain, the others and the ballistae survive. Finally he sics his spiritual weapon on a pirate and kills that one as well.

His elemental attempts to hit a nearby pirate, only hitting once.

Four additional pirates emerge from below decks. A few move to attack Shebrum, one to attack Jaxzon. Two attacks on Shebrum, four on Zer0, two on Jaxzon, all survive. Seven attacks on the elemental, with five hits almost causing the death explosion (3 HP!).

A well muscled dwarf with a large hammer arrives from below yelling about repairs being hard with all the noise.

A ballistae strikes the elemental, finally killing it and causing the explosion - not doing a lot of damage and failing to kill any.

Other ballistae shoot at the druid/octopus, with one hitting a tentacle and "killing" it, leaving three. She responds by grabbing and removing a couple of pirates near to Zer0.

Zer0 takes a few swings at Captain Knadgers, hitting a few times. The captain responds with a comment about being able to fight regardless of whatever he is. He uses Second Wind to regain some health.

Shebrum is still paralyzed and cannot go.

FM casts Thunderwave towards the party boat, pushing Iliqua off both boats - an attempt to grab the party boat succeeds and he avoids getting dunked. She then moves closer to Jaxzon.

Captain Knadgers takes a cheeky knee attack on Shebrum (boo!) doing some damage and knocking her unconcious. He turns around and hits Zer0, removing the second wind gains, but Zer0 resists the paralysis. He uses Step of the Wind to escape.

Rohindel finally breaks free of the hypnotic pattern and climbs up to the enemy boat. A sneak attack obliterates a pirate near Zer0, and fires a hand crossbow against another pirate, hitting and killing that one too.

Iliqua clambers up the side of the party boat and bamfs to the enemy boat behind Jaxzon. He moves closer to the FM and casts Green Flame Blade, hitting and doing a reasonable amount of damage, but doesn't kill her. A nearby, nearly dead pirate is also hit, and almost expires. He moves away prompting a few opportunity attacks, using Shield to block them all. Finally he climbs aboard the nearby ballista...

Jaxzon casts Shield of Faith and Conquering Presence to gain some protection against those that surround him - FM and several pirates fail their saves becoming frightened of him. He climbs the railing behind him, prompting a couple of opportunity attacks that both miss.

His lion runs up the rope and critically fails his first attack, falling over. A second attack bites a nearby ankle.

-- ROUND FOUR --

A couple of pirates turn to the lion, both hitting but not killing him. Several others run away from Jaxzon, a couple heading toward Zer0 and Rohindel. A couple more arrive from below decks. Another pirate hits the lion. Four pirates miss attacking Rohindel, but the fifth scores a critical hit.

Three attacks on Zer0, one hits, one misses and hits an ally, the third misses.

The carpenter rushes towards Jaxzon, yelling in raging anger.

The druid grapples the ballista that Iliqua is on, wrapping him up with it.

Zer0 uses his sword dash ability to escape several pirates, damaging a couple but getting hit once in return. He then runs to Captain Knadgers.

Shebrum rolls a natural 1, getting two death saves - Ooooh.

FM hesitates trying to think about what to do, being unable to move closer to Jaxzon. She steps toward Jaxzon's lion, casting Inflict Wounds, and causing some kind of rot, then moves away again. An opportunity attack hits in response, doing a small amount of damage.

Captain Knadgers attacks Zer0 twice, only hitting once, almost downing Zer0, but succeeding with the paralyzing.

Rohindel disengages, pours a healing potion into Shebrum on the way, ending up by the main mast.

Iliqua casts Misty Step to escape the tentacle/ballista orgy and runs toward the captain. A flanking cantrip fails to hit, a sword attack does hit, but doesn't do much damage and once again, fails to kill the captain.

Jaxzon dashes over the railing and rushes towards the captain as well. A spiritual weapon attack on a pirate hits and kills him. His lion stands up but fails to connect with its first attack, but hitting with the second and killing him.

-- ROUND FIVE --

A few pirates move to help their captain, surrounding Jaxzon, Zer0 and Iliqua. A couple move to Jaxzon's lion as they can't approach him directly.

One hits an ally, two hit the lion causing it to fade away. Four attacks on Jaxzon miss, two on Iliqua also miss. Two attack Zer0, one missing, but the other hitting and taking him down. Another attack against Iliqua misses.

The Carpenter moves and hits Rohindel, doing some damage, a second attack misses.

Three ballistae fire against the druid's tentacle, two missing, with the third hitting and removing it.

Zer0 rolls his first death save, succeeding.

Shebrum finally stands up, having been able to do nothing so far. She moves her hand to the captain and hits sneakily almost bringing him down. She moves herself towards one set of stairs, hearing more pirates below.

FM is cannot move closer, so uses Thorn Whip trying to hit Rohindel but hits the Carpenter instead.

Captain Knadgers makes a choice to avenge his brothers and attacks an unconcious Zer0 twice, killing him. *computer shut down sound here* He uses Step of the Wind to escape towards the lower decks.

Rohindel asks for permission to use some treasure, then disengages and runs and leaps into the party boat, and disappears below deck.

Iliqua uses his last Misty Step towards the Captain and attacks with Booming Blade, hitting and finally killing him, with his chest exploding, scattering him in several directions. He grabs the remains and drags it on the main deck, turning to the FM. The remaining crew see the body of their captain and appear stunned.

Jaxzon rushes towards the FM, avoiding opportunity attacks due to the aforementioned stun. He attempts to use Command to make her kneel, which she resists. A follow up intimidation attempt also fails, so she spits in his face with a booger laden missile. A spiritual weapon attack also fails to hit the FM.

-- ROUND SIX --

The Carpenter rage rushes after Rohindel, getting hit from the side by Jaxzon.

A bird flies up over the railing, landing near Zer0.

Shebrum walks over to the FM, hits sneakily doing a big chunk of damage, knocking her out, attempting to take her alive. She ties up the FM with a reasonable knot.

Sounds of a Rohindel/Carpenter scuffle, a shout of "Catch!" and a bag of treasure gets thrown over the railing, with Jaxzon and Iliqua failing to catch it. The bag hits the deck spilling some small diamonds around.

Iliqua leans on the remains of Captain Knadgers, addresses the remaining crew, detailing a plan to take the FM, Zer0 and leaving. The sound of an old human with a cane can be heard climbing up the stairs - "I'm the ships accountant. Not much I can do, the Half Father is going to catch us all eventually. I'm not going to fight you, I advise everyone else to do the same."

He wants to keep Zer0 in trade for the FM, for "study", Iliqua asks for time to consider, waiting to see if the attempt to revive Zer0 succeeds.
