---
layout: post
title: Week 55
date: 2023-06-01 17:29 +1200
categories: journal
---
{% tldr "Meeting the Half Father, and Tense(r) battles" %}

On the inside of the brother, live music and a lot more noise is heard that couldn't be heard from the outside. A large bar is attached to a wall with a tiefling mixologist, several raised platforms and stages around the floor, but not much activity is happening.

The party head to the bar to get drinks, getting a few fancy looking cocktails with magical flashing lights for the fleshy types. Zer0 gets a poultice with possible drugs to apply. Jaxzon also gets an ale, which he promptly empties.

The bartender asks why the party is in town, offering information (and entertainment) for a price. Jaxzon asks for information on Tenser. Iliqua looks around for other people, only seeing a few scattered around. Shebrum looks for the ladies.

Jaxzon greases the information wheel with 5gp, and the bartender confirms that the party is indeed looking for Tenser, who sometimes shows up. Someone enters from the outside and the brief glimpse shows that the outside is different to where the party entered from.

Iliqua asks for a recommendation for company, perhaps some that Tenser might also meet with. A submissive dark elf is suggested and the party head off to find a booth.

On the way over, Shebrum checks out the other booths, looking for spies, Jaxzon looks around for a gambling area. There is a door near a back wall that is closed as he spots it. Jaxzon stays by the bar, noticing that the bartender slips someone who seems to be very drunk and pouch of something, who then stumbles out the door.

The others shuffle into the booth, the curtain closes automatically, and a "menu" appears. Zer0 sits opposite the curtain and slaps on the poultice to wait. Shebrum checks out the menu, looking for the dark elf or something else that may take his fancy.

While they wait, the poultice is used up and a very serene and happy state falls over Zer0. Jaxzon gets another beer and heads to the booth, struggling a little with the curtain, and sits down. He mentions the guy at the bar.

Iliqua asks Jaxzon if he is confident about getting the information, preferably by non-violent and subtle means. The dark elf is selected, and payment is made, and Jaxzon moves to a different booth. Iliqua checks out the menu, seeing a red flashing indicator at the top.

He pressed the button, and a notice that says the Half-father wishes to meet. The booth makes a solid click and rotates around and the party sees the accountant from the pirate ship from some weeks ago.

Iliqua asks how he has been - he mentions the ship he was on met up with a large sea creature and sank. The accountant beckons the party to follow.

---

Jaxzon waits and eventually feels the booth turning, then the curtain opens, showing a man wearing dark cloth, silver and black armour, with a half-moon brand on his forehead. "Hello, Oathkeeper. You have been chosen by Babylon to join the order. I'm here to give you an idea of what is required of you."

Jaxzon asks for help to find Tenser, but is shot down and told that he is not in a position to ask questions. "You must find the temple to Babylon. There is trouble with your goddess and Babylon, you will need to choose one and lose the other - be warned, you do not want to lose Babylon."

He taps the table, which immediately turns again and the dark elf is shown - she introduces herself and Ysolde. "I've been informed that you have 15 minutes then you have to meet someone, I do not know who."

Three questions are asked
 - "Do you enjoy what you do?" "It is my occupation."
 - "Do you know who Tenser is?" "Yes"
 - "Can you tell me how to find him, he's an old friend and I'd like to catch up?" "I'll tell the bartender to let you know."

---

The others are asked to wait in quite a lavish waiting room. The accountant leaves and the three consider what to do. Iliqua suggests they try to talk first, but perhaps be ready to fight.

A few minutes later, part of the wall rotates and tips, and Jaxzon stumbles out, still reattaching parts of his armour.

Two large black doors open, and two nearly identical gnomes with white hair walk out and call the party into the room. When they walk through the doors, they cross into an anti-magic or dead magic zone. Within the room is a large chair that spins and shows a very elderly gnome - The Half Father.

"Ahh, I've been waiting to meet you for a while, murderers of my sons. I don't hold this against you, for while they were blood related, the clan is more important to me. I believe you have something that belongs to me and I want it back."

Iliqua asks what the party took - "You took my people. I can't have them back, so what I ask in return is a favour. I know you're looking for your items, are you not?"

Iliqua responds "We're looking for the person who took them, as he is required by the agreement we made with some gnomes."

The Half Father offers up Tenser and his crew to battle - if the party wins, they get him. "He has been taking from the Family. As has this man.." The accountant has his throat cut from behind, killing him instantly.

The Half father continues - "I already have the items Tenser has sold to me, including this strange chest (the maggot chest). If you win, you get Tenser and these items for free."

He claps his hands a couple of times, and the floor drops out, sending the party into what looks like a gladiator arena.

"My friends! You are here to solve a problem, you have both caused problems for the family."

Initiative: Halfling (20), Jaxzon (19), Iliqua (16), Tenser (14), Zer0 (14), Shebrum (11), Wizard (10), Goliath (5)   
--- COMBAT BEGINS ---

A rune on the arm of the Halfling glows blue, and he disappears, the reappears shooting a crossbow bolt at Iliqua which misses, then he runs back behind a column near the back.

Jaxzon moves forward over the grate in the middle, casts Shield of Faith on himself and continues forward over the other side.

Iliqua activates Bladesong and casts Firebolt at Tenser, hitting (13) and moving behind a nearby piller.

Tenser moves up closer to Iliqua and casts Dominate Person on him - Iliqua initially saves, but the Wizard counters it and Iliqua is dominated. "You should fight for me, don't hold back."

Zer0 moves right up to Tenser and takes a couple of swings, the first one misses, the second hits (15). Tenser passes the concentration check.

Shebrum moves up to the grate, then throws a couple of daggers at Tenser, the first causes Tenser to use Shield, which causes the second to miss. He clicks his boots to cast Blur.

Wizard points to Jaxzon and casts Heat Metal on his shield, causing Jaxzon to drop it, taking a small amount of damage (3).

Tor (Goliath) moves his large stone halberd, a rune flares on it and he grows in size, rages and attempts to hit Jaxzon, missing once then hitting (16).

--- ROUND TWO ---

The grate in the middle opens upwards slightly.

Halfling moves up and shoots at Zer0, missing twice.

Jaxzon smashes his axe into the ground, summoning his Elemental between Tor and Wizard, and casts Hexblade Curse on Tor. Elemental attacks Tor, hitting (6).

Iliqua stands still, not considering the party as his friends.

Tenser adjusts his command to make Iliqua actually attack the party, then misty steps away near the Halfling.

Zer0 chases Tenser, not seeing a small package explodes, pushing Zer0 backwards. The Halfling laughs. Zer0 dashes back in and smacks Tenser a couple of times - hitting once (13) and critting on the second (20), then hits again with a bonus attack (13).

Shebrum rushes across the grate, then Misty Steps behind Tenser. He casts Charm on Halfling, who fails and is asked to attack Tenser. Shebrum attacks Tenser, who casts Shield to block the attack, then throws a dagger at Wizard, which hits (7).

Wizard casts Dispel Magic on the elemental, returning it to an axe.

Tor hits Jaxzon once (15), but misses the second attack. Using action surge, he attacks again, hitting once (13) and a second time (16).

--- ROUND THREE ---

The grate opens further and a black haze rolls out.

Halfling feeds a potion to Tenser, healing him (20). He pulls out a dagger and stabs Zer0 (18).

Jaxzon uses Lay on Hands and heals 35 points. Casts Spiritual Weapon next to Tor and hits (15).

Iliqua casts Fireball at Jaxzon, who fails the check and takes 32 damage and loses Shield of Faith. Tor passes the check and takes 16. He then taps his boots together and moves up behind Zer0.

Tenser remarks that he'd like to leave, asking the Halfling if he's going to be ok. He tries to cast Invisibility but Iliqua counterspells it. Misty Step does, and he runs away. Zer0 calls after him trying to get him to return.

Zer0 says to the Halfling "Well, if that guy is too weak to fight me, I guess I'll have to kill you instead.". A couple of smacks misses once, but hits on the second (10).

Shebrum moves to flank Halfling and critically hits (44), then stabs again, hitting (6).

Wizard casts Entangle on Zer0, Shebrum and Iliqua, with only Shebrum passing.

Tor tries to smack Jaxzon twice, hitting once (11) and twice (16), knocking him unconcious.

--- ROUND FOUR ---

The grate continues to open.

Halfling casts something and runs away, then fires a crossbow at Shebrum, missing.

