---
layout: post
title: Week 49
date: 2023-02-23 17:29 +1200
categories: journal
---
{% tldr "Horde mode continues, possibly ending soon" %}

Jaxzon casts Stoneskin and Protection from Good and Evil, while Zer0 finally reactivates and gets caught up on the activity he missed.

First light can be seen at the horizon, giving the defenders a brief boost to their morale. Soldiers from other sides of the village come in for healing, the party head out to the battlefield.

The mist slowly rolls back away from the village, forming into a wall. A point in the battlefield where the mist doesn't touch, something can be seen and heard wading through the swamp water.

"Oh I bid farewell to the port and the land..." (The Longest Johns, [Bones In The Ocean](https://genius.com/The-longest-johns-bones-in-the-ocean-lyrics))

The mist wall breaks and an older looking man with a cane walks in wearing fancy attire, long white hair and pale skin. He stops a short distance from the wall and speaks "What is this little camp you have here? May I come in for a drink and a rest?"

"Everything coming out of that mist has been something we've had to fight, so we're a little cautious about letting anyone in."

Jazxon pushes out his Divine Sense and gets a strong sense of Undead from the old man.

"That was quite rude... I'm the Arch Grand Commissar of the Seas. Or Luther Harken." Whispers of the past pin him as the Dread of the Sea, scariest pirate of the Dread Fleet.

"I'm searching for a harpoon, brought here by a man of the empire, long before this place was a swamp."

A quick search of the village shows up nothing that looks like a harpoon. "Nothing here sorry, maybe try the next village?"

"I think I will come in for a drink - after some of my friends have some fun..."

Out of the mist, a ghostly blue gang plank his the ground and a couple of humanoids stumble off the gang plank, and the sounds of what may be cannons being moved into place.

Initiative: Iliqua (22), Shebrum(21), Levi(21), LH (12), LS (8), Zer0 (6), Jaxzon (3), Zombies (-1)

--- ROUND ONE ---

Iliqua holds a cast of Firebolt for when bad things happen.

Shebrum jumps down onto the battlefield from a tower, and moves forward slightly. Holds his action waiting for bad things as well, to activate his boots.

Levi whisper's into his bow and also holds.

The cannons fire over the walls, with an explosion following - seeming to have damaged or destroyed the protection stone.

Levi looks back then turns toward the battlefield with a look of horror, and fires at LH and hits (14).

LH looks at Shebrum and Jaxzon and taps his cane on the ground. The flesh from the nearby zombies get torn off and two flesh balls are formed and fired at them - Iliqua's held Firebolt activates and hits LH (14). Shebrum and Jaxzon take 7 damage each, a couple of new zombies are created from the flesh torn from each. LH steps closer to the mist and a couple of new zombies appear from the mist.

LS fires an arrow at the zombie in front of Shebrum, hitting it and destroying it.

Zer0 hits (14) and destroys the zombie in front of Jaxzon, then moves closer to the mist.

Jaxzon moves up and throws his elemental axe, bringing it into existence midway between him and LH and his minions.

One skeleton misses the elemental, the other hits with short bows (4). One zombie misses the same, one hits with flintlock pistols (8).

--- ROUND TWO ---

Iliqua casts Firebolt, hitting LH critically (23). A martial check gets no resistance to fire damage.

Shebrum moves up and primes his venom dagger, waiting for something to get closer.

Levi takes a couple of shots at LH - who sacrifices a skeleton to create a shield and avoid damage.

Four cannon shots are heard and zombies come flying out of the mist and sticking to the elemental. LH raises a hand and clicks his fingers - the zombies explode doing no damage to Shebrum (rogues ftw), but doing 40 damage to the elemental. Green flame surround the remaining skeleton.

LH clicks his fingers again and he misty steps next to Shebrum and tries to take a bite, missing. A legendary action succeeds doing 8 damage (and healing the same).

LS fires at LH and misses.

Zer0 moves into a flanking postion on LH and hits a couple of times (21). LH uses a legendary action to take a bite out of Zer0 doing 15 damage. A martial check returns immunity to poison, and a resistance to radiant damage.

Elemental moves up to the zombies and slams one (18) and the other (14). Jaxzon steps up to LH and misses with his axe and hits with his second attack (8). A martial check fails to get useful information. He casts Spiritual Weapon and hits LH. LH calls out to his minions, bringing them closer.

Zombies try to shoot Jaxzon missing twice, hititng Zer0 once (10).

--- ROUND THREE ---

Iliqua moves up to a copse of dead trees and casts Firebolt again, hitting LH (9). A martial check gets information about healing abilities - typical vampire healing plus healing from minions.

Shebrum takes a couple of swings at Jaxzon, missing twice. A charisma saving throw fails to break the charm.

Levi shoots a zombie destroying it, and LH (7).

The cannons fire again and four more zombies arrive on the battle field, three at the elemental, and one at Iliqua.

LH raises his staff again and more zombies explode - Elemental (22), Zer0 (8), Jaxzon (4), Shebrum (8), Iliqua (4). Shebrum falls unconcious. LH whispers a spell (Hunger of Hadar) hititng Zer0 (3) and Jaxzon (7). Another misty step takes LH away from Z and J and fires a flintlock at LS (15).

LS misses LH and a couple more zombies arrive.

Zer0 uses Fighting Spirit and takes a couple of swipes at a zombie (31), destroying it, then attempts to move out of the Hunger of Hadar area.

Jaxzon hits and destroys a zombie, and damages the second (12). A hit with his SW (8). Two slams from the elemental hit zombies (19 and 16). Jaxzon also moves back toward the village.

Zombies attack the elemental hitting once (9), the skeleton attempts to grapple the elemental but fails. A last zombie moves and tries to grapple Zer0 but fails.

--- ROUND FOUR ---

Iliqua again casts Firebolt, but misses LH.

LH uses a legendary action and again calls minions to him again

Shebrum passes a death saving throw.

Levi casts Hail of Thorns and shoots at LH, hitting (13) and damaging everything around him (8). LH fails the concentration check and Hunger of Hadar fades.

Screaming comes from the village suddenly stop with the beat of wings and the screeching of a bat-like creature. LH yells at the creature, and the cannons fire at the creature, the zombies explode and bring it down, the uses another legendary action to move closer to the druid, biting the druid and healing a little.

LS misses LH twice.

Zer0 moves through the zombies and strikes LH twice (28), then uses Second Wind (17).

Elemental slams a zombie destroying it, and another zombie (19). SW moves closer to LH. Jaxzon moves up to LH, getting grappled (11). Jaxzon rids himself of the skeleton.

Zombies attack the elemental, hitting twice (8 and 5). A zombie shoots Zer0 in the back (8).

--- ROUND FIVE ---

Iliqua moves next to Shebrum, using a greater healing potion on him (13). Shebrum stands, moves and misty steps closer to LH (who fails the charisma save). First stab hits (15 and 15). Second stab also hits (8).

Levi turns toward the village and fires into it.

Rumbling sounds from the village and the bat like creature climbs the tower, getting shot again with the cannon. A ghostly rope comes from the mist and LH grabs it, getting pulled away. Opportunity attacks hit but do not kill him.

To be continued...
