---
layout: post
title: Week 50
date: 2023-03-02 17:29 +1200
categories: journal
---
{% tldr "Horde mode concludes, devastation discovered, looting completed, and travel resumed." %}

Initiative: Iliqua (22), Shebrum(21), Levi(21), TG (16), LH (12), LS (8), Zer0 (6), Jaxzon (3), Zombies (-1)

Luther Harken disappears and the fog wall rolls back into the original ground cover. The healer from inside the encampment gets launched over the wall, landing with a thump. The large winged creature climbs the tower, blood dripping from its mouth, flesh hanging off in parts.

The Terrorgeist looks down on the party, and shrieks - Iliqua, Shebrum, LS and Levi fail the save, and are frightened.

LS fires at TG and hits (3).

Zer0 moves to check on the healer, and helps her onto her feet, then holds his action to wait for TG to get close enough.

Elemental burrows and gets closer to TG, Jaxzon moves his SW closer as well. A martial check tells the party that TG is quite wounded. A first thrown javelin misses, the second hits (5).

--- ROUND SIX ---

Iliqua asks if we should stay or run, then casts firebolt, and hits (14) and moves back. A failed save against the fear gives him a point of exhaustion.

Shebrum's martial check asking for health status (less than 100). An attempt to hit with his psychic dagger misses once, a second attack hits (12). Passes the wisdom save to avoid badness.

Levi shoots at TG and hits (11), shoots again and hits (8). Passes the wisdom save as well.

TG looks very close to death. Shrieks again, targeting LS, Jaxzon and Shebrum (all others out of range) - Shebrum and Levi fail (37) and are knocked unconcious, Jaxzon succeeds (18). TG climbs down closer to Zer0 who's held action procs and a couple of hits (24) brings the beast down. It dissolves into mist.

The healer heads over to Shebrum and Levi, heals him (2), and Levi (2) (2d8 times two with double ones?!)

--- COMBAT ENDS ---

The sun finally peaks over the horizon, bringing much needed light and an end to the brutal night.

Jaxzon climbs the tower and the rest of the party head back into the town. Everything is wrecked, the protection stone is broken, bodies everywhere.

The party ask if any of their best fighters survived. The healer has used her last revivify/resurrection, so resting is decided on in the tower. Iliqua commands the tower servant to make food, and the party levels up (8th!) - Iliqua takes a wizard level, Shebrum takes a rogue level, Jaxzon multi-classes into warlock (Hex Blade), Zer0 takes a fighter level.

Iliqua makes a plan to loot - Captains quarters, armoury for potions, druid's hut for magical items.

Armoury investigation (26) - the room is a mess, weapons and armour everywhere, however 8 greater healing potions and a superior are found. Some studded leather for Shebrum and a bunch of daggers.

Zer0 goes for a wander, finding Iliqua having looted the armoury, and is given a couple of the greater healing potions.

Captain's quarters investigation (26) - tidier on the inside, also seemingly bigger on the inside. Looking at the desk shows a hidden drawer containing a safe - opening this triggers a trap, a puff of gas hits Iliqua and poisons him. Zer0 looks in the safe and finds a sack (600gp, diamond = 500, bronze griffon statuette, two sealed scroll cases). Two more potions, a needle with a purple glow, and a luxury bedroll.

Zer0 pockets the statuette, Iliqua takes the two scrolls.

Bronze griffon statuette - become a griffon for 6 hours, can't be used for another 5 days.

Iliqua and Zer0 check out the former protection stone - most of the remains are non-magical, moving this out of the way, they find a marble butterfly, which Zer0 picks up, getting a feeling of life.

The others awake and get greater health potions. A question from Shebrum asking if the tower can be made using the marble butterfly - Iliqua thinks it can be used by everyone in the party in some way.

The party checks out the druid's hut, a not great investigation (13) shows roots growing everywhere making furniture, but finding two things - a salve, and a bag of beans (6 remain).

The tower disappears in a puff of magic, the healer and Levi fall to the ground in surprise.

The party have a quick discussion about what to do next, settling on continuing to the Nagarythe battlefield for Zer0. The butterfly will protect the party for safety against the undead during rests.

Levi and the healer approach the party and chat with the party - they're asked if they would like to join and take on the Lith. Incredulous looks and warnings that the Lith has taken out whole armies are given. Jaxzon succeeds in persuading the healer to join, but Levi declines, deciding to head back to the Phoenix Gate.

Tylean (the healer) introduces herself to the party and is asked for possible directions - she mentions the Black Library as a good place to go to find out where Adeptus Prime might be.

Zer0 suggests the party take the safer option of hugging the mountains, heading to Tor Anlech.

Iliqua's sending stone vibrates with a crackling message from Alarielle - "Hello Iliqua... I have just arrived at Hoeth... grandfather..." and the message ends. An attempt to reply fails...
