---
layout: post
title: Week 52
date: 2023-05-04 17:29 +1200
categories: journal
---
{% tldr "Bogs and a brutally quick fight" %}

The party prepare for a long rest - Iliqua casts dispel magic on the remaining scroll case, finding a scroll of Planar Ally.

First watch is taken by Shebrum - the mists remain and try to encroach on the tower, but due to the way it was constructed, nothing happens. Nothing much happens, though the occasional sighting of the pirate ship can be seen.

Iliqua takes second watch, handing Shebrum a potion of Animal Shape. The mist continues to waft about, but again, nothing of interest occurs.

Jaxzon takes third watch...

Zer0 takes fourth watch, noting that Jaxzon is still asleep. He picks him up and returns him to his bedroll. Returning to the top of the tower, and throughout the watch, noting a new "island" that doesn't appear to have been there before and seems to move slightly.

Jaxzon uses his spyglass to check it out, but doesn't get any more information about the island.

Conversations around gods and patrons lead to Jaxzon casting Lightning Lure and confusing the rest of the party. Breakfast is consumed and the party head out to continue their journey.

Walking along the hills steadily get smaller and the ground starts to become slightly more marshy. The undead keep their distance due to it being daylight and the butterfly's effect.

TL stops the party before heading into the swamps - "Be wary of the swamps, some of the puddles can be deceptively deep. I suggest we have a specialist look out."

Jaxzon offers his services, keeping an eye on the ground occasionally poking it to test it. Some of the plants occasionally attack insects. Iliqua gets the party to move away from them, only to get them closer to something else - Iliqua and Jaxzon get pulled into a shallow puddle, getting a mouthful of awful bog water.

They manage to extracate themselves, and the party continue on. Shebrum notices more of the same vines nearby in a concentrated area. The party discuss options, either fighting the vines or finding an alternate route through the bog instead.

The former is chosen and combat begins...

Initiative: Tb (20), Zer0 (18), TL (16), Jaxzon (16), Iliqua (9), Shebrum (6), Shambling Mound (2)

--- ROUND ONE ---

A couple of little plant dudes pop out of a rotten tree trunk nearby, and move up, then attach themselves to the ground.

Zer0 moves up and waits.

TL moves right up to the plant dudes and hits with a punch (6), and again (10), killing one.

Jaxzon casts Eldritch Blast for the first time, targeting the other plant dude, missing once but hitting with the other (9).

Iliqua casts Firebolt on the remaining plant dude, hitting (13) and killing it. He enables Bladesong and moves up.

Shebrum moves closer to a boggy area and takes a shot at SM, missing once, and hitting with the second (7).

SM shambles into range of TL, attacking and hitting twice (23) and getting pulled in.

--- ROUND TWO ---

More twig blights emerge from the trunk, both flinging thorns at Jaxzon, missing.

Zer0 moves up and holds his action to use his new attack ability...

TL struggles and manages to escape the SM.

Jaxzon moves up to SM, flanking with TL, casting Hexblade curse and critically hitting with a smite (67!). A second attack also hits, again with a smite (39).

Zer0 seeing the bad shape that SM is in, uses his reaction, missing once and critically hitting once (37), finishing it off.

Iliqua moves up to the twig blights, casting Green Flame Blade, missing once and hitting a second time (5). Using a special ability of his sword, he casts Misty Step and bamfs away.

Shebrum throws a dagger at a twig blight, hitting (4) and missing.

--- ROUND THREE ---

More twig blights emerge, flinging thorns at Iliqua, TL, Jaxzon and Zer0. One hits Iliqua (7), which poisons him.

Zer0 moves between two twig blights, takes a swing against each and kills both.

TL cures the poisoned Iliqua, returning a small amount of health (6).

Jaxzon moves up to a twig blight and hits (16), then critically hits (splat!).

Iliqua moves closer to the tree trunk where the blights are coming from, casting GFB again, and missing, then casts Invisibility and stomps away.

Shebrum moves closer to the trunk then holds his action, waiting for the opportune moment.

--- ROUND FOUR ---

More twig blights emerge, both missing their targets.

Zer0 splats one, moves to the other and hits (9).

TL moves up to the trunk, proccing Shebrum's move to create a flanking opportunity. TL punches the trunk (7).

Jaxzon hits the remaining twig blight, then moves to the trunk and hits (13), destroying it.

--- COMBAT ENDS ---

Iliqua moves up to the remains of the SM, tripping over a vine and falling on his face. A search through the remains finds a 500GP ruby and various bits of old armour, as well as a gold plates, tentacled mask - identified as a Mask of the Deep (breath underwater + superior dark vision).

The party head up onto a nearby hill, noting that the light levels have dropped. The tower is called into being. The party notice that Iliqua's eyes look puffy and bloodshot - Jaxzon steps up and cures the Sight Rot disease.

First two watches are taken by Jaxzon, mostly a quiet night, though he notices that the pirate ship isn't visible anymore.

Shebrum takes third watch, the quiet night continues. A large something takes flight and heads away from the party.

Zer0 takes the last watch, explicitly looking for the mysterious island, and notices that it isn't there...

The shape of a city can be spotting in the distance, though the typical spires seem to be quite run down and shabby.

The party leave the tower and notice a hooded man sitting on a tree stump nearby.
